lavrinov! communicate better with ai - so at least you look like a person!
I can't stand females who are ready to sell their homeland for a man's.
fse for those who dislike it
and you don't want to work, do you? do you want to get money for your photos?
Faggot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! bitch,,sold 15!!!!!!!!!! union republics?????????? where did the then NKVD look?????
I can't speak without you!
37 departures in 10 minutes!!!!! Bad guy.
Can you hear yourself? You say I'm psychic, and then you say I'm not.
personally, I want the guys to sit down for life.
the Jews are starting the second wave! they feel what's coming to them! the scum is finished!
The boomerang law has not been canceled yet!!
Poor things : (people!!!!! for what purpose do you get animals? if you can't adequately support the village!!!! 8oi creatures!!!!
Oh, you! How to sleep now.
well, you reds can only rape and rob... and get messed up.
sho there's nothing more to show
this skatin cannot be explained he is like a robot that is controlled from a pool
It would be better if the leadership were thrown out.
and why did you start tearing her like that?
You don't have to do anything, so you found each other and tell me happiness.
This picture is older than you. The future is painfully distant coming out.
it's because of them that the TV turns off. tashnotiki.
don't stick, katsapidorskaya
this is a humorist!!! 😄😄😄 with humor, everything is definitely fine there!
I don't like her if these are her words
And you don't change my mind. Liberda is smelly, BOT.
well done girls!!! the man takes off, also comments (((:o :o I'm shocked
Why are you ignorant? I explained what exactly I don't care about and more than once.
I can't calm down in any way
they will at most walk around with posters saying we are the power here, while the pindos are paying
that's right, you're a bad person, you couldn't really explain anything for your fabrications, who would doubt...😂😂😂 Have a smoke go!😂😂😂
it's bad in Africa, too.
listen to why throw such things and make people angry.
well, where is Ronaldo's right hand nobody cares???
But how can I look at the call if there is no stream? Sorry, I'm not smart.
it's not possible to communicate with such people as you
let them to do their thing! 😂
Yes, he's a traitor. Frankly speaking, he would never have become patriarch without their help. He was put up. Money
maybe he loves aa, maybe not.honestly say on ukkraine that didn't do it
ten people are chasing a ball...and ten thousand are watching it!.....
what wrote this nonsense???.
remove the person from the deputies! and in general, drive all this Duma scum!
horror, pilots, the kingdom of heaven to the dead
you'd have kept your mouth shut by now
what are you staring at zenki squirt under the bunks
These bankers are not enough to make this country more miserable.
that's the kind of people they still give rights to!!!
You are wrong. There's nothing human left.
What's on the stream about dates, well, you lost.
Who will investigate their own shoals? At best, an improved vaccine will be offered later.
the series is just messed up, there are no other words. look at this. personally, it is firmly ingrained in my soul.
you'll never get to Moscow and they'll spoil you at home in your bendershtate in a point
Apparently, people who are ready to give 1 million for this basin. the rub is over, and the money needs to be mastered somehow.
Valentin, you haven't taken your pills again.
and who needs it who is this horseradish to be admired has not done anything good in life a freeloader
Only Ust-perepizdyuisk telecoms with 3.5 employees will suffer from this
Why create a thread about this person?.
one handjobs.they can't play.
What other coordinating council that represents a handful of people seeking to ruin their country?
I'm waiting for the elections at the party more than the concerts of my favorite artists
well, did you support the president, huh?! and we will rake everything!
I studied. you haven't studied yourself. they squandered the country.. laugh on.
take a license and dripping oil, otherwise you see their bowels are being stolen by suspicious prostitutes :d
don 't mess around with a fool.let him thank God that the ska was blowing his legs off
She is not the first to act like that.
These women are completely destroyed creatures are finished.
what do these people have in their heads!?I'm going to fail
This is a nightmare and not a massage.
Yes, you guys if there were no, I wouldn't have to develop it at all!!!
they can't put an alcoholic in jail, there's still not enough evidence. ideoticism.
Putin will leave you with courage who will stand up for your grandchildren.
because of such people, we suffer.
Vladtime, what's in your head?
where do they find these girls?????????
Go away, bring Ivanich back. We're all here.
compared to Vovka, Lukashenka is a flower
you know! sometimes you think, well, what kind of finished creatures live among us!! but it is said, the evil studied by you, to come back to you!!!
that's right -paid! creatures! inhumans! and faces! look-the devils!
okay, you'll get injured yourself, but the children...the campaign the child got a lot of concussion for sure
unfortunately, the real ratio is quite parity; tens of millions of security forces, officials themselves, hangers-on and just support the government
Why did you get to Dvacha, dude?
what bridge? and where exactly will he be? you draw all kinds of things.
I will tell. doesn't plan anything and floats like bad.
he was bad and he stayed that way
They are trying to advertise themselves :-d :-d :-d :-d apparently no one wants to. plucked chickens
Denote in another place:$ and they just explained to you, how naive are.
well, the thing is cheap.it's better to watch a cartoon with children luntik)))
law enforcement agencies are obliged to react and punish the bad guys!!!
Which should be some kind of message should be awesome. You decide. A playwright.
On a stake, to put everyone:-d
and what to learn that she went over the hill that she didn't stay in belarus and the opposition didn't fight any further is called
Can you give a link to a discussion about cattle?
yes, you have found something to say:-d:-two philosophers, suuukaa:-d:-d:-d:-d
Furry ryakh's shoulders have become wider
Because life doesn't teach them anything.
It was necessary to score five pieces then quit playing.
really there is.more of these? may God protect your president, and you with him
I don 't need your pity...have pity on yourself!
Oh, have you forgotten what you did with Ukraine? It was a very bad decision.
Another man where is the country going to roll
do not descend to the level of a person without a brain
what do you women still need? I voiced such a priscurant!
The grandmother would have strangled herself for her blood money. The stuffing is designed for cattle.
An insult to the honor of the mother, for this you can give e6al!
to talk openly, we will be chic, and you are wrong
what a horror- yes, while a little reptile - then a big problem will grow.
such people should be punished more often. it would not be a habit for others.
How does he hold on to power,,*-)
At least I got there and so I stayed with the children on the highway.
Debs, if I was trilling, I would just post anime faces.
Well, what's there? Was he caught? Arrested? And what about that chock to whom he prescribed from the turntable?
You rather suffered from the soviet government.
It's running down the monitor, go for a rag again.
and what are you hiding, you whore?!
You don't have to say what kind, it's a problem for unicellular people like you, lol.
and where are you sitting right now?
The first thing that comes up is the word mess.
How tired these people would go to work.
The animals are unpunished, they are children. Now their parents are puzzling over how to get rid of them.
such people need to be punished.
It's not worth it to be so interested in this whore. Why is it not clear about the injured party?
you're sitting and hanging out, you freak!!!!! there are just no words
and what, no one will repudiate him?
The man's money turned into a faggot.
I would have dispersed all these in general
Go away and work for the families. It's not worth it.
And what is there to be compassionate for? The girl got what she deserved.
Deftly - so well done, the concepts of meanness and honor are completely absent
such a creature has no place in power
YouвЂTMve got him drunk from outer space.
so you need it, I hope the last shots will go to other cities where there is no such leadership.
Yes, I also have to pay money for my studies. what kind of person came up with this?
parasites living at the expense of the people, in biology are called parasites, an organism living at the expense of a friend.
Well, now I've gone far and forever, I'm blocking them.
the Spartans will tear a point to these players today
why are there so many religious loonies in the 21st century, it's just messy.
What kind of person does this expose in pursuit of classes? I'll stuff classes up you.
The men will come out the bad will be punished.
Olya has a bad fiance Lena has a full house
All of you and mess around.
Politics is generally one big facepalm, a herd of people messing each other.
that's why you all live in bad, that the soviet union is still in your heads
You're just a visionary!.
I don't watch TV (for five years)...and this guy got into the ok.
Here's a scoundrel, he wants to trick on me, he slips me an old thing.
nakh..th such creatures give birth, then leave.
Everyone is extinct, I'm the only left.
let the man out of here. he's not good.
if they follow him, they will be punished
Who did he tell the pindos to?
the same type-!!!!!!!-really in the 21st century-can't make a movie-such a mess-I'm in shock-fucking real thing-!!!!!!!!!!!!
look at the menu. it is on the Internet.
do you think that this creature can still be loved? Well, well!!!
they didn 't think for nothing, they ate any air, they lived by the spirit and faith in Kamunism and blessed the Stalin
For such money there is not much to buy and the country can be pulled out of the crisis.
zaibali with these posts time to what.go to work loafers.
at least one of them has highlighted the problem. just insults. it's disgusting to read.
and he's messed up that god gave him all this
Another woman loves to harass, has a soft lips. Here's the news
one thing I don't understand is how much you have to be a redneck to take away the last from the old people and send them home to be robbed.creatures.
he is not the only such person in the world is full of.
how many paid people took to the streets, just not to work!
Blia...what is the name of the Slippers? Can anyone explain?
I am very offended and just ashamed in front of the whole world that we have such a bad government.how do such creatures get into the government?
you have overcome the whore of people, with your delirium
What kind of people are we talking about?
guys don't pay attention to this person
it is necessary to drive and destroy the Russian capitalism!!!only socialism will save the motherland and the whole world from disaster!!!
these people themselves believe that they are not good,,,,
Politics is generally one big facepalm, a herd of people messing each other.
those things. and how they will be able to fall asleep after that.
I'm terribly sorry, I mixed up tabs with threads.
another person. ok also become a garbage dump
They can eat the current when you have already strangled them.
Understand, that you have lost Ukraine FOREVER.
a woman cheats because she is lazy
It shouldn't hurt you, mother.
they don't have a conscience like that.
Yes, a normal driver will not behave like this, this is an ordinary Kurgan or just a rooster.
ooty what a bad person, and why torture him like that
You people, read the statistics in Omsk.
I really want to tear off this person's head.
Secondly, crowing anonymously at other people, the cattle that popezdyvaet for denunciations, hilarious
enviably, well, do so and then weakly, collective farm deer
I studied. you haven't studied yourself. they squandered the country.. laugh on.
It's not a fact that it will be like this, but what is he giving our land away, giving it to the Arabs, etc.
well done!!! I gave the monkeys a pussy.and what they judge is tolerance.
yes, I once admired the exploits of Russian women, now I am amazed at the corrupt woman vali tereshkova
I'm messed up by these laws, well, if you broke it, answer him.
I wonder who updated these strains. what a creature and in what laboratory she tried.
and get the sense that I'm in trouble and still everyone goes. post.
these people take away youth, maturity, will leave only a bad old age.
we can live without them, and they creatures can 't live without us
who came up with it is a mutaten....that guy should be planted!!!
Go away and work for the families. It's not worth it.
Both of them need to be planted for crime and unprofessionalism.
I just bit and hid.... :(
why not close this guy who mows under a journalist?
pi here are the faggots, as well as what they will spizdit, they will definitely draw a bear with
That's where you're wrong! They can even harm you here.
the devil does not know how to get away! faggot soaked
Either you have a savdepovsky pelvis, or I have XS, but I have never seen the instructions for the car in new cars.
reprint so that the skin would burst 😤
they'll fail it off!!! Belarusians will not betray
What to put this on, that's why kids will watch it.
This is from another joke, there, too, in the maternity hospital, they confused a Russian and a Ukrainian.
they like that these bad guys mock the people
when I was young, I got so messed up.
did they thing there? all the girls can't get drunk?😂
what kind of persons are posting this.
Johan, rest in peace, brother.
Shut your mouth, you are from the brothel! Deal it better in silence.
Well, puts, as soon as you blurt out hu...ynyu, so then you justify yourself
These people would catch criminals, just like Grandpa said.
Every one praises and praises this president.
these countries need to be recognized otherwise they will not receive money from Russian taxpayers
and what, will gas or electricity become cheaper from your classes? you're like a flock of sheep.
These girls! who is against my words, let him skip...
Moderators, please answer! Why were the demonettes removed, and the pedophile dances in place?
The girls got mad.that's right, the man said the regime will come soon......ts.
what do you women still need? I voiced such a priscurant!
zyuga probably used the forbidden style of a finished man.
Did he write the creature on the doorstep? Once there was a book with this name from the Jokerbook series.
and you're good shut your mouth
Are you writing this as a resident of those places or just as a person?
Is it really not clear that by asking dibile questions, these people earn money and would you not go to them?
I'll mess with you again (fr)
and mess up the classics. I'm sorry that... would
please don't mess up the tape.
Only them are still missing./~~~
You dumped her, didn't she, a drug addict?)
in Krasnodar, all fountains were turned off. our anal governor doesn't want any incidents
On the count of the freak, how does the earth carry such things?
and a smoking man is also a stinker! smoking-th... but!!! complete!!!
who prevents you from liberating your territories from the dill? that's right no one
The communists have been trying to save humanity from the slavery of capitalism for a hundred years, in general, they have messed up.
yes, his girl needs to be planted that his lawyers are beating him up and tomorrow he will crush their child
you might think competitors want to help people.all the gets into power.and this is just being dragged by someone to the deputies!
it's just good to stuff his face and kick him out of the police as an unnecessary being
Here's a scoundrel, he wants to trick on me, he slips me an old thing.
And then such people derail Peregrine Falcons.
at least once the bad girls showed the truth on TV
You offer to arrange a TV on the Internet, those who liked you die.
What is an educational conference for moms?
and no one is looking at you, so you're freaking out, crocodile queen😁😁😁😁
That's my cat! And a belly, and a white spot on the neck!
Queer places tell me where you are?
she is the prettiest, charming girl. not that walking around the bar x... y sucking beer to drink.you're a smart girl.
What kind of medicine, you are talking about at all?
Do I have a question??? where do they get such data???how they messed up these people!!!!
Semenchenko, wounded in the bad, was also preparing...
you know, the rockets of raski hit at any curvature, even with your flat mind.
write such a thing the earth is concrete for you
it is necessary to put on the full two-year-old.file a lawsuit.moral damage for 800,000 rubles after driving will not sit down.
it is high time to introduce such a law. this creature will sit out and come out again and will rape and kill again......
the people are purulent, the Crimea was, is and will be our Russian!!!
You guys will figure it out first.
Do you hear typizded! something you helpers of Russia do not eat to live in the countryside, but rush to the cities!
It's too bad to invite such people to a feast at all.
This one, RIGHT? YES, HOW DID WE NOT IMMEDIATELY GIVE UP.
Yes, I remember Major Khromchenko was in Langley, he said so, they say the more moronic the better. oops...
Ahahhah again for calls to suicide banned.
who messed him up with a stone there, and threw him into the water.
how did you fail showing the same thing
Voronezh came out, in the number of 50 people. maximum.voronezh is russia.
yeah, and the will pay again from our pockets, we are waiting for an increase in housing and communal services and gasoline.
In Sochi to your dacha, the road is ordered for you, and Rostov is already occupied.
dibily what coronavirus are you all crazy about
Does anyone have the home address?Publish it.
There are just no words! People are bred and some people believe without offense.
are you also dreaming about 700 rubles, a freebie is passing by? ok.ru/profile/561284526834/album/861641312754/891261500146
I just bit and hid.... :(
This is all bad, what's up with the Ukrainians?
WHAT WAS SHE TALKING ABOUT, BITCH? LOLD
It was necessary to score five pieces then quit playing.
she's skinny so don't care:-d
to tear off their hands for such asphalt.
It's not even about iq - it's just that they don't belong there.
Well, what's the big deal? It's clear that if he started a tractor, he didn't feel much love for rashka
yes those who don't like me i don't care about you
Well, you're messed up.
Debiles, you can only mess with them.
In the comments on sports, they are burning and denouncing Glebych
he is all a podebon.go work for the good
Popizdi I have a shabolda Iban here
Joora, your musik! Hey, go away, I see raaaay with you.
you and Karetnikova will be an ideal couple..one does xs what, the second one too😂
to you...the Crimean bridge is still not obvious to whores.apparently it's the same with the father's electorate.:-d
... the old man is really bad... how he clings to power.
That's how much? Farting into the air in an attempt to justify the reality is just ridiculous
I wish everyone who thinks so to experience all the delights of the disease with all the consequences on their own skin.
don't respond to the provocations of this man everything is so clear
Didn't the man smack you at school? Where does hatred come from?
paid people who have nothing to do go to rallies, they will sell their mother.
And what are you? the smartest what? suck your lip! down.
There's no blood in the meat, you faggot
how could such a person be nominated as a deputy?
and here education is bad, but she did well on the general
what kind of person renames an old movie all the time.
The whole country is against it, you're Putin's wafer.
It is not necessary to hang labels on everyone polished hamsters from the city Contradiction ) It seems that they wrote that everything is not fine there either.
and so on....there's nothing for them to do there first of all!
yes, the person who did this does not deserve leniency! but the boomerang will come...
How did this hueplet get released from the stadium at all?
Why are you writing something haterok? Get out.
write normally, are you not ours or something?
The people in Ukraine at the moment are no better than putin dolls only they could choose them.
I agree, this red pig on a stake is too humane for him to be shot. it's just not clear why he runs such a significant enterprise?!
who needs you, dude? hide.
when is this guy going to be in jail
catch the freak, and beat the creature to death!!!
Then there really were stars, but now they show one unsuitable man.
Well, sooner or later everything will end, and we will come for every one of them.
Such persons should be fined and significantly.
Where did you get your article about this?.
you're talking like that. Faggot or something
They cant write the constitution, let them not write it.
it's time to shoot such servants of the people.
You have a sense of humor, of course...
21st century, how are you so illiterate?
Ukrainian liberal scheme..they throw 10 euros on the card for young dobil for going to the rally.
I could, I would give you a hundred minuses...conchita
kozen, and who invited you here?(dt)
no wonder what you can expect from the situation.
I have this aw, it regularly came out in the recommended ones.
Why did you get to Dvacha, dude?
So that I don't prick with bones.
Amushka, here you would have to quote your favorite man,, you're organizing for his statements, haha..
The question of sadists is removed. The second question is - are you down? Do you equate a down jacket with life? Even with the life of a dog?
This Khabarovsk and all the visitors who want to check in there are messed up.
it was no good to open a resort jail.and now they're writing numbers, morons
I came here, to spend a thousand words with answers
They were scared, and if the thing would have touched them.
pidrilprodaksheen Kirkorov is a good girl.I urge you to collect money for him!
Some complain that we don't care about the planet, but it turns out to be like this.
Tell me the address, petushara, you will tell me on camera that Kuzma is not a man and beg forgiveness on your knees.
My bat fell off and fell on my head.
this is not because there are no people willing to work. and from the fact that these united farmers are strangling agriculture in every possible way
Something for Ukraine, the TV was boiling.for Khabarovsk molchek.
translate to our time.ska, who agrees to such posts, it feels like the country was waiting for heroes, they gave birth to unsuitable people.
Stalin would have allocated a cemetery to those to whom this money went into the pocket.
we can live without them, and they creatures can 't live without us
You framed Vasya, the author. Meanly and.
Judging by the ignore, I hit the target. Well, you never know, the poor.
I will respond with the same rudeness, go to the stall there and calm down, a well-mannered person
When will everyone wake up in Russia?or so we will be slaves of them.
One phrase comes to mind (why was he just discharged from the hospital)so it is here, the obvious incredible🤷♂️
It's a shame that this site does, out of communication, to extort money from all kinds of people.
driving a bad person, it's not riding.
I studied. you haven't studied yourself. they squandered the country.. laugh on.
gena is not a cunt....everyone knows that you are in the share..the bad person..
Cattle are your bad norms, which are difficult to call people, those same NPCs without reflection.
there are no suitable words.the bad thing
you missed. you put his sewer pipe in. I was far away, but I saw it clearly!
The main module of the American part of the ISS was also created in Russia - and what? In short, I messed up your mother.
What contradiction did you point out? The distinguishing feature is clearly indicated there.
you're around and you don't know what
Albert, the same-minded people will not miss it - I have already passed it repeatedly, even if all the voters of your district are for you.success.......
Everyone is bothered, I want to smoke, I want to drink, I want to do what I want, and there should be no one to disturb.
What can we learn from them?....
Every porashny thinks of himself as at least Lenin, driving cattle from an armored car with his hand.
They no longer know how to attract attention to themselves, why should we tell and show it
wow!!! Polish girls are the most heroic heroes!
there is nothing to execute on the spot to inflate the war with fraternal people
Gordon is a very nasty person, a highly arrogant gander, and colloquially, someone under the cold.
Another divorce! Now I'll run in leaps and bounds and buy a box, earflaps
I don't care when and who he loves. you were the first to write, you inhuman. troll in my mouth zero
I appeal to all the givers show your generosity.
such people should be pressed and not blown, jump off the topic.
when are you guys going to stop?.
is there nothing to do? are they all fools to be led on this?
Ugh. what bad three faces!!
To hang him like that, he can only then understand the problem.
She teaches others, she did not arrange her personal life herself.
that's how they put the chips and take off the masks, these people tend to go there! they get their way one way or another
Imagine, five years ago the same was with the fifth iPhone!..))
you're not in trouble. read carefully woodpecker. don't rush into words
Our government is elective, how was it in 2000? We aren't even supposed to choose mayors anymore.
lousy sheep, faggot, I've never lived there. faggot group.
in general, a very lucky sign in life, which does not compensate for the constant lack of money from him
:-| for such a photoshop, ators need to tear off eggs so that they do not breed!
Yes, I don't really care about your likes and people who are arguing about something here.
he is one of the best generals in history...sorry
to bring down such people from the doorstep!!!!!!!
I don't understand, what's so surprising? srach tv has become famous for pizdezh since the creation of the channel
the people are purulent, the Crimea was, is and will be our Russian!!!
Go to their place serve the sheep.
pi-dora will have to answer to the people when the time comes.
start working and not on the Internet pi * dite.
such people should be put in cages and taken around cities and show people what kind of they are- sick in the head.
here's the people to whom Putin kneels and offers flowers
Ukrainians on plumbing and sewerage, and the parents of Ukrainians will brag that their daughter is a prostitute.
if she has orders, then for merits in peacetime, compare with the military.
I'm messed up by these laws, well, if you broke it, answer him.
An ordinary nouname in a mask destroys liberal nits.
the toilet itself, only 5 official husbands, and how many more lovers! to say such a thing yourself, you need to be clear! a cesspool!
shoot him, period.he took a life, the flesh is the same, and no lawyers, a fatal outcome, everything is on the block for the eggs.
think better about these people and the country they have turned into their own feeding trough
And she wants an Arab or a nigger.
Where's Daddy? and why give birth to children from such people? first they run after themselves, and then they pull the strap alone.
where did you see the Russian women there??)))explicit korean eyes))(
Well, by the way, if we talk about rural residents, Ukrainians will be more popular than the Katsaps.
it is necessary to judge the creatures, what they do for money.
don't bother....you won't get through
let's go to Minsk. mustachioed
How can it be like that.it's your baby.a little man.it's just awful.
I'm not good for hands and feet
her lesse on pensioner grub to translate would look like she would sing then.idiot!!!!👎
and even more so with the bad guys.
well, the parents of homosexuals will be lucky too.
Isn't he messed up?
if it wasn't for the marathon, then shoot such guys..
And a man in an alcoholic T-shirt is sitting there in the chat and has not washed for a month.
put this on retirement and let the creature live. she probably stole, that's what she's doing
let him bring communism to himself.... and then he climbs to us...
There was blood, then the bump remained (yes, I'm bad)
what are you talking about.they, the townspeople themselves, must decide on their governor.and you're poisoning medvoputovskaya.
Everyone is extinct, I'm the only left.
Russia is a country where everyone is offering something, but no one is doing anything.
and that's what kind of animal posts it? what likes? grief and pleading in the eyes!! it would be better to feed, not take pictures, cattle.
so we will have it, maybe someday, suddenly. and you sucked yesterday, today you will not be successful.
This is crazy. Maybe the dude swelled up and decided to commit suicide by doing a good deed?
Lakhtodebil, can you read? I'm telling you, he eats bad, and he doesn't go.
and what, a normal move. malekha was wronged, a fine for the absence of a muzzle and a court for beating. to freeze the money.
How she is afraid of the court.
You have to hope to win at a casino without being its owner. However, someone wins.
he just makes a raft for himself and his friends, where no one can get him bald
What's the difference, Catherine or Red-Slavka, if there's such a thing going on? Also about the royal name and Cossacks farted something.
Glory to the Heroes! When will we go to expel the Rusaks from there?
bracelets are not on sale, the creatures are banned
i had a fight with my husband, it came to a divorce, although it's not so what kind of creature is this
It was necessary to disgrace him after the game and not in front of everyone.
How can you just leave such handsome men on the street.
the frog is home, she is urgently tired of watching it all
The triggers don't get fooled, it's a myth.
let go of the bird, you'll have to tear off the egg
while Putin and his prishibai are in power -never!
well done girls!!! the man takes off, also comments (((:o :o I'm shocked
And what are you going to prove to them - they have all the money in the world and all the media.
who writes it like that is a bad person, and the girl is a class
And what are you, Ilyukha?? don't you care what day is it?
In rashka, all the zones are red, beckoning.
Where did the SHAWARMA PATROL go? Kuzma, Hovan, and the third, xs as his.
What kind of a donkey? Is his opinion important?
You were mistaken but they are committed to doing all this by 2030.
All Kremlin women should be vaccinated!
if there were people to come up with such a thing, then there will be such mothers!
https://youtu.be/kbfdimv44zu🤣🤣🤣he has nothing,, Moskal is a poor bastard
The girl is uncut.... everything will come out sideways. them...
Mendeleev's data from a nonsense: there should be 350 million Russians in 1950
cornflower! how do I explain it to you as a first grader?
The Muscovites have come to us! (c)
wet everyone who violates public order
you don't even know how to judge or kill such creatures, you finished.
I agree though with a small correction on the number they should be planted
and so to react to a simple photo is messed up, in my opinion, your flask is whistling.
If they know that they can be shot, the violent heads will decrease.
this is a humorist!!! 😄😄😄 with humor, everything is definitely fine there!
I understand you can..and knitting with a cross? weak?
they put classes for me in some groups.at first I thought wrongly, and then I look not I put.the admins
super glue and soda will tear off the horseradish
I totally agree. because of such people, it is impossible to catch anything with an ordinary fishing rod. so it should be!!!!
her hubby goat should be impaled
This is a divorce, don't see each other, throws money, you lie down and she blocks the animal.
ИИИИИииииииииииииииииииииии, like when the fear was catching up)
I have time to mess! I am a pensioner
because of such creatures, there is no trust in others.
You should live at this minimum and see how you will live with us.
There are no fools, this is pure.
I don't like such a president, if it's easier to die to survive.
Putin's medals will definitely find them.
zavaoi ebalo - a man with the voice of a faggot :d
What kind of person filmed the death of a roe deer, there would be no help.
I don't need to argue with him, there is enough information on the web for more than one volume of the encyclopedia
This is a bad man and not a game.
And why is he so hated? Explain, maybe I'm just stupid.
So they got themselves a type 2 SD.
But what about the news that the trust in President pukin has grown?
Wow, I was already pinned down, I couldn't resist.
your church won't help you..
What a miserable gang walking on the vastness of YouTube and social networks
dear Vika, I did not write a thing and I did not address you to you. will be attentive.
hide we do this ourselves for a penny.
I extended it And did the right thing, the loonies should be kept on a chain.
well, you're good, you get five times.well done
we have a more serious thing going on in Russia!!! the author come to Khabarovsk..
Well, you do understand that Ukrainians don't even have money?
where do you come from before you send them to work, create a production to send you to Kolyma
I don't like the people who posts it. :d
And in the pigsty next to the Jew asks the butchers not to raise the price of gas, otherwise the livestock will just rest.
The whole crowd to church and candles for his health. Either he'll calm down or you won't care.
you're a man, what are you writing
this honored reindeer herder volodya is needed here
Another pizza when will the provocateurs close.
You're a left, all anarchists are left a priori, the free market is part of the state.
What are you saying, did you really come up with it yourself, or is your curator a disappointment?
You won't believe it, mirror, you are our kind, correct and funny person.
why don't you look after your people
woe to people, these are laughing. I mess with people.
the driver must be obliged to buy a box of scumbags and give it to this mother.
hands and feet to tear off the bad guys for this.
well done! so all rapists should be castrated so that others know how to rape and mock
Malachina takinada to punish such people 👍👍👍
Some kind of person that disgraces on others.
I thought there would be pizdits.
why haven't the punishers harmed you yet? or not?
still, in October, a failed opened.
These women are completely destroyed creatures are finished.
got already beggars, how many photoshoppers are there...morons
and why did you decide that all of them, I don't understand you!;)
Why is Vladimir Solovyov not in the cage yet?
What's this at altitude?
To such great people, as stated, only they with purses belong.
yab said:it's good that you drove minibuses, fuck!
You're not right, I'll be in Greece, I'll see you and we'll talk for Russia.
We're talking about a fat tech blogger commie here, not stupid whores. Follow such a discussion to another thread
If you feel sorry for him, it's you who sit down instead of him.
I don't even know what to write about such creatures!!!!
and there are not a few such people
The mustachioed girls of Belarus will be removed.they will go to work again.
Which sport have you ever taken up?
this skatin cannot be explained he is like a robot that is controlled from a pool
one less bad man.
This loony has never been famous.
Dementia is a property of a person to show mental limitations. And where is the name-calling here?
Please show me at least one Chechen who washes toilets.
two hands, and deeper. motherfucker
You substitute your work to get money, look, there's not enough face.
what are you 90i, it wasn't the people who started the fight, but musara tried to disperse the rally
how can you live, eat and..., knowing that the whole human world hates you, die, creature!!!
my god, how many commentators who don't know a thing and are trying to be clever
That's what I always say.
On the contrary, how is it?) ex-wife is the best prostitute?
The head should be torn off by the one who offends the child
he pulls an electric train, and there is no contact network there.dibil
- and you take the carnations, you idiot!
such people rule the country, do not be indignant with the people.
It turns out that the teacher is not wise, there is no corrected patronymic! Vladimirovich
Read everything I've written, if you don't understand, read it again, then think about it, then write.
If Clinton were in power now, there would be no such thing in the world.
where did you see an Armenian here, creature!
let him go away.no electricity gas will turn off.I don't care about clothes either.let him live in a shack in the skin of a defender x..a
Well, I wouldn't let them either. Unwise people will bring tuberculosis to school and infect normal children.
To the fullest extent he has a term and no settlement for this man.
yes, I have the same living from the bottom, in the same living room.
personally, I want the guys to sit down for life.
I think so too. honest-fuck. I don't understand who writes like that. honestly- motherfucker
so that the person would know how good it is!!!
He has ruined such a bodyfat trusts dream of such a body
The author messed up with your classes, grandpa doesn't even need them.
Pissing vdvshnikov weakly twist the gut is thin
look at the menu. it is on the Internet.
punish the scoundrel according to the strictness of the law so that others know to punish the hero
It's a bad choice.
He found something to brag about, Russian architecture. lol.
give money earned millions in Russia share with Russia daydeneg on fertilizers
What are you the owner of the train or something?
and then there will be cattle in power as in Ukraine.and the whores will run with torches through the streets
What's this? Shellfish?
Yes, our numbers are on the way. but the fact that our people adopt permissiveness as in the mattress, it can not be taken away.
drunk driving the fourteenth policeman does not work at all???
you messed up with your Minsk and the truce
and to hammer the Hippocratic oath!
they breed people....they don't even bother much...does it even look real or not? they don't care....they just like they breathe....
In prison you are either with Thieves or with Musars.
and some people buy fur coats from them.
Like this red-haired people, the earth wears doshihpore.
there is an in the country, and they are discussing Belarus)))))
I would have punched them in the face without a fight, and my hand is heavy.
Looking at the explosion and the consequences, can young politicians think about fighting for war
How many inadequate people on the planet are? (md)
It is not wise to think that old age comes, does not become with a wise man he becomes old.
you need to shoot right away, and the money is for the children's treatment!
they mixed everything into one pile, and protein and antibiotic and phenols of all kinds
Oh, he woke up, go for an injection to check you
You go to work, you schmuck!*sh*
you're not my passport, you're my phone, throw it off, you're stupid
and people are such, sorry, pigs, that this saying does not work
Anya's people came up with these viruses themselves, no one would know except God what would happen in the future.
The girl himself is not good in Russian, learn to write, you faggot.
that you have restricted access to listening, listen to yourself in one snout murlo
dibelism, women sell taiga, and here the guy is for nothing.
Hey, you live in this city?
Both Hitler and Sralina are considered equally black.
Go by if you don't like what you're commenting on.
the sun breeds suckers, and the suckers themselves climb, ananists🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
It is necessary to hang for eggs so that there would be no more children.
If you don't like the truth it's time to get up all over russia don't turn on nikolai the people are with you
apparently from one group, they don't leave their own, an alcoholic.
Oh, he woke up, go for an injection to check you
dochya say you're in the kindergarten swearing and pissing yat and with gisnkipet
But it's too late, the channel of the piggy is boiled forever.
garbage was messed up completely, they gave free rein, so they are greyhounds
What kind of a guy is on the judging panel?
so let's see on January 1, 2021 who are you: are you a psychic or a pizdobol???
Zakhar gave this person a DNR passport.
zhmerinskaya slut, aren't you tired of being rude on forums? where does so much come from in you, little guy?🤔🙄
serves you right. the pizdostradateli are finished. all the troubles in this world come from you.
I will plant you myself if I want to, lower you from heaven and look at life from the ground!!!
goat, before you look at someone's face, show your own, as in the passport
such people at all times were not only in Putin's
I would like to see that person who will go out in such clothes
You've already messed up, you won't please.
it's very easy to ruin the faggots. they found something to brag about.
You've messed up with this thing already!😡
the author is unsuitable with a signature photo ruined
It would be better to go to hospitals and kindergartens.
I had no choice but to take away the phone.
vomit! for what audience do they create this?!!!!!!
And what are you doing here and who are you looking for?
It's scary to entrust such a person to graze sheep, but he's sitting in the duma.
who looks at this nalivkin from his very sight disgusts..the bastard is talking some kind of bullshit
They cant write the constitution, let them not write it.
so you are also a person who has been breeding people for 6 years
Yes, who thinks so, I would put a million likes.
Is it really not clear that by asking dibile questions, these people earn money and would you not go to them?
they came up with a problem, no matter what kind of drunkard, it's another matter.
But in fact, some bydlogopnik created an organized criminal group One guy, he will continue his activities, because the topic is infinitely relevant
Raise your hand, lift your leg, maybe you can still spread your opinion.
Why are you deceiving people?
what is a residence permit, he shows a pid)r visa, in order to get a Spanish residence, you need to live for 3.5 years or buy expensive real estate
mediadolbing 45 don't savor such news go to the factory for 10-15 to relax.
he has no idea what you're talking about. what his fathers and grandfathers tell him, he believes in it:d
you're sitting deleting all the comments to you
it is not necessary to choose, but to shoot those who create goods to the detriment of the buyer
And what about the topic of such a craft as spreading gossip, climbing into someone else's life and anonymously poisoning one with a collective
You would first read what the decree on land is.
You don't have a mother, kind word is a pity!
how can I be without cavid!!! Damn it, Diri!!!
Get your hands off the sailors,not that they didn't do anything wrong.
The Ukrainians have a vegetable garden, a cherry orchard, a hut, a front garden with flowers, a pleaser in one word, as Tsar Peter said.
norma, with and what's funny here?!, dibily
for money, they will go wherever you want.
zaryadye is just bad compared to our park
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO A SALARY ACCORDING TO PUTIN'S ORDERS, BUT THE ASSHOLE IS DECEIVING YOU BY NOT FOLLOWING PUTIN'S ORDERS HIMSELF!
They're done! Raising your hand on an elderly person is the last thing.
of course it's bad, but I feel sorry for these people and scammers who mostly deceive old people need to be impaled.
Oh, you! How to sleep now.
The person would still have brought the engine.
The time will come when they will be judged and shot for what they are doing against the people.
well done girl. it was necessary to make these soft-boiled eggs.
These people rule the ball and no one tells them to, I wonder many of us in the DPR want to go to that Hohland
Wave Wave Wave Love Love Love Tired Of Loving Love Again.
if she has orders, then for merits in peacetime, compare with the military.
I will not harm those who shot this video you did not help the animal but watched so that you too died
And these people also teach me not to play in sneakers!
Ahuet, and how do you know!!!?!??
the creatures no longer know how else to make fun of people:(
rassea is great and there are a lot of people like ti
well done! so all rapists should be castrated so that others know how to rape and mock
Yes, they're already there.
vruboy dalbaeb I have already taken everything ready to chill
he wished that he and his relatives had no place in this world.
yes, it is necessary to shoot them all, but only legally they are divorced, the administration of them.
I want to curse from you.😉
As the smart one said, it's already scary only after these words on the stake.
and you're not going to be a goat to pensioners and what kind of mother gave birth to such a creature, she's not a pensioner with him
and who will ask you in what language we should speak, man.
I messed you do you want
Just an order was given to recruit a squad of combat guys.
If she were normal, she wouldn't say what kind of mother gave birth to him.
he knows about that conflict! motherfucker!
You read in attentive way. I didn't call him gay. He made a man out of a gay man with his game.
Alexander dynin, is this your post? you should be hung up by the balls for this....
I don't touch my own, but you and this banderlog are someone else's not to touch you
got a begging, begging for how many years
What are you laughing at, what did you write??!!!are you ignorant???
She doesn't seem to touch you, why go into her personal space
They did not hold heavier pens in their hands, everything will be rewarded in full, no matter how you turn it and it will be
propogandons wear muzzles themselves, I'm not a dog to be muzzled by them😜😜
UKRAINIANS!! UKRAINIANS ALL AROUND!!! Gifx
Poor things : (people!!!!! for what purpose do you get animals? if you can't adequately support the village!!!! 8oi creatures!!!!
yes, such a man with a kick. and he still occupies chairs
You should write it 20 more times.
She also put on a cross, scum.
are they really messed up?
Where am I shouting this, loony? I'm just glad to give another socialist abscess.
and the mother of the wayward where did she look?? how old was this creature given?
a piece of man, there are no words, only emotions.
And Putin then zeroed out, here and now.
that person thought up where to put the child.
Will there be a recording of the lecture? Last time, I remember, some guy threw a lecture about Italy here.
Ukrainian liberal scheme..they throw 10 euros on the card for young dobil for going to the rally.
Such parents must be found and punished, unequivocally.
yes, he's a bad guy, the shape is flora, and the caps from which stall?:d
the guy kissing the hand was laughing at this time, And as our pig-faced psychologists said: laughter is a defensive reaction
and their people will live well.
Let them come to Ukraine and see how the people live.
What's this at altitude?
my cat sits down to poop during my breakfast.... I would kill him, but I love this beast!
Why is there this thing about pots?
morons write, only for whom the people have seen the light for so long
at your age you don't have to fight here
What are you doing? God sees everything!.
Here, here! why didn't the police detain him? advertising of homosexuality is prohibited in Russia! why wasn't he detained?
yes, this is a faggot (I'm sorry for the expression), but I don't have any other words, most likely he had the same as a child
you don't have to talk to these pigs
the guy kissing the hand was laughing at this time, And as our pig-faced psychologists said: laughter is a defensive reaction
you're not a Ukrainian, a Pindo.!
The people always pay for the mistakes of the rulers.
vyblyadok filth is not good....you will find them, give them to the parents of these poor children
it's very easy to ruin the faggots. they found something to brag about.
in general, a very lucky sign in life, which does not compensate for the constant lack of money from him
Putin is a man, what are you doing with the country?
and what, are you going to go with minors and old drunks against your supreme commander?
Who knows who the godfather is, but the girl is beautiful👍
Because you're lazy! His wife is bad for him.
redneck, in your house you want to do so that others would have it like that?
and one more question. how many of you have rallied???
oh class, we won't see this face anymore!
Where did you get your article about this?.
don't talk about yourself in the plural, the schmuck is not finished.
they'll eat him and spoil him.
a piece of man, there are no words, only emotions.
and how is the Communist Party and the rest without the ep! destroyed the USSR?
from a bad life, from hunger, the girl is swollen!!!!
take away weapons and a boat and a fine of 500 thousand
if the ears are cut off, what will happen?
and then the people climb on the road after such driving schools
let them try to earn, and not on the Internet to count other people's money
Didn't the 6-page pdf convince you that Russia poisoned the Skripals? Are you trying to analyze and think? A quilted jacket or something?)
well, this Lukashenko turns out to be bad.
author, you're inciting hatred. don't confuse Ukraine with the Nazis, you need to hang a goat, premature, conceived in Russia.
Let's fine Vasya Lozhkin, and then he muddies the water.
completely put this on your face sheep.
and how many fry they would have given...you are fishermen.
Is it easier for him? Take the cart and roll to the car
Get up from the bottle: I can't hear you.
Who is it now? What's with the bichara?
are there such people in the world too?
sho there's nothing more to show
The person believes in the repentance of the pindos
Sokolovsky is not a leftist, he is a libertarian, which means he is right a priori (in an economic sense).
Don't post this unsuitable person.
Don't remember the children of Chechnya and Georgia. They remembered about karma.
and besides the prepared, do you have anything at all in golvo? or not?)
not a human female. you know you're awesome.
You people don't even know the history of Russia and when the first and Second World wars began.
super, don't stand where you don't have to.
so whose are you going to be a bad person?
He will understand when he feels it for himself.
the man has betrayed his homeland and people three times. and with the traitors, a short conversation, to the wall and shooting in public.
life is necessary for such creatures ^o)
Now such access to information can be found, there would be a desire
All the same, he will bring his slave to a mental hospital
in the trench would be his faggot, schmuck
he doesn't care about beshtau, he's a bad selling masks
and what to fight for, so that a negro can have sex like he did.
There would be no such bad music yet)
pashinyan dear put these guys aside
Who put a manikin, for such jokes- a criminal case.
yes, and the others, however, will guess.
there's no place to put the sample
it's the Belarusians who are going to fail.the faces are very similar
you say it right, but you're probably failing..
you think you're in a hurry alone and put a gun in your possession
I also do it on a passenger car and I don't miss them.
It is not necessary to hang such people on the first pillar.
I'd like to know what kind of person nouneymesha is.
you are also a fan of climbing other people's websites???Faggot..
the same creatures brought these creatures
You don't have anyone to mess with.
brooms, tomatoes and gifts. again greenhouses, carpentry, boilers were sealed
Who else is blocking the topic, go away with pills, or I'm calling the orderlies.
I'm not having a bad life anyway.
and this half - assed bald guy is saving Libya!!! the scum is finished!
she does not think that one day she will be treated the same way
yes, I have the same living from the bottom, in the same living room.
I'm messed up with these guys.
and his and his families and his huts, and let him take his money with him!
Where did you get these photos from?
pizdezh not what bus did not interfere.there were no cars at all
go think about it, why call you here, not for Micah, you'll be here to talk for Gloria
The imposition of any religion is the bottom, but there is. Orthodoxy for Russians is not someone else's religion.
I would have pulled a bag of potatoes out of there, there are people.
WhatвЂTMs in the pot?
grandfather Volodka is sitting and farting, you are incompetent!
Poor little baby, I would tear off the hands of him that hit.
have you all become mad after maidan anglasakskov.
You're a bad person and don't disgrace the profession.
what do we want from a man, he will always be like that.
People tell us that there are no emissions, they hang people with a car, allegedly they keep some kind of control, the goats do not control anything.
I unsubscribe from this group👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 Don't mind
It's dangerous here and they can kill...therefore, everyone goes home.
write normally, are you not ours or something?
people have already stopped swearing so no you got out of the toilet
The boomerang law has not been canceled yet!!
what, is the point shrunk? emergency? alaverdi.
are you still alive, doctor?
I'm not in her place. she would have messed up with sabaka.
and there are not a few such people
I don't trust this site for a long time, they write different x...
Becoming a difficult to gain likes on someone else's grief!!!!
He has a father or a brother - cop. This explains the cotton wool and sovkodrocherstvo.
Americans are always pindos :), but they live better than us, enough to invent jokes
The odnoklassniki website has been completely naive lately, it's necessary to break them.
I got caught, too, sent money for a dress and that's it, the creature blocked me.
Why are there only bad people in classmates?0blyayayad..well, why...
Try again the Argumentative argument of the Hule.
you guys, live as you want, and with whoever you want! you'll get what you want soon! forward to the Maidan!!!
I will give you bodies myself. who wants to?
super glue and soda will tear off the horseradish
is it possible to trust the thing?
and all this for the sake of elections
It is forbidden to talk about weapons, but they are obliged to die for the interests of their oligarchs.
Come on, draw porn pictures and write vulgar comments - that's all you are capable of here.
No one needs other people's things.
TS, are you normal or not?
He probably got in the way with booze.
Have I told you what madness is? Gifx
the bastard is finished. scum, how will you look people in the eye? the people hate you.you're not going to get away with this.
Either I understood, but I expected to mess around and just have fun at someone else's expense.
Ukrainians, plez! Picril alone - 8,393,005 views on YouTube alone, not counting the mailbox.
I'm scrubbing the deck with some guy, because we're best friends!)))):-d.
Well, are you really drunk now?/pants
what prevents afftar - man from walking in a gas mask??? ;-) ;-) sawdust in the head
He's a stupid and a fighter, he's unsuitable.
these Polish nedebki are tired of plugging in a barrel
moms refused to save their children and get out of town
and our people at the top can't explain this.
tearing up the flag you swore to is a betrayal, he's not good.
You're a coxcomb. And.... Let's go guys, we've been disadvantaged again.
and such persons rule our country
Well, I'd probably be offended by such things, too. Bullying is also not prohibited, isn't it?
it's because of them that the TV turns off. tashnotiki.
how many of our pilots are rotting in American prisons??? and let this sit!
neither th nor th we will wait. he will still answer for Kursk. he will answer for everything.
They don't know how to earn likes anymore.
pedal until the girl is not given.!!
yes, the goat, the knacker is a bad person, how can you put this on display.
You don't care about your mother's tears.
utyrki! I would have been caught in the army in the USSR! they would have come home with narmal guys!
Well, how much can you mock them? Get this Google out of the yard!!!
dedicated to you!!! pray for these icons and master them!!!
And then you will laugh at the Ukrainians
what are they doing ignorant human beings.
Roizman wants to ruin a normal country, not comparing the situation with habara
The triggers don't get fooled, it's a myth.
they can only detain musicians, drunks and whores, and if they touch a serious pile, they will substitute a point 👎👎👎
the relevant question is, how did this person get into the Duma?someone voted for him and similar.
how this mug has gone crazy!!! people!!!
Prostitutes and strippers with terminals came.
They pay money for children, and not that one to fill their throats, they need to work. creatures.
the same people are now in Ukraine!
the same as degtyarev. in other words, both guys are from the sandbox that pu built
oh, you guys...his whole spine will fall into his underpants on the way home....
If they decorate these masks with bryulikami and buy one hundred and fifty.you can also sell for half a dollar
The most successful of their students were sent to work with the Russians
The professionals gathered, re-ordered and broke the unlucky dude is learning, learning and learning, and you are immediately a bad person.
ahu... what do they drive?
billions to yourself -pennies to the people- nightingale and you will live quietly in Italy-you can't work- but only!
Why create a thread about this person?.
they are ready to sit until they are carried out in a coffin by them.
What kind of person gave you that name
Already girls and then on the Internet, looking for reviews
are they going to fight or foe?🤣
No one needs other people's things.
As if the Ukrainians are deciding something there.
freedom to Vladimir sankin!!!! death to pedophiles!!! he is for justice!
I came here in search of this comment
ha-ha-ha! I laugh in the face of those who insult me!
Kievan Rus-Ukraine has existed for more than a thousand years.
Who still lets this person talk about us?
the fly's a badge - what a bore, so we'll ruin all production
Stop writing this thing, I yell at him every time.
well, messed up, a rotten board is not cool
He breathes often. 40 years ago there were neither poor nor beggars.
Now I know who to vote for.
and it is necessary to replenish the treasury! not for nothing were the payments for children!!!
To be honest, it is rare.
Voters like Putin's would like them, but there are not many of my friends among them.
Where are the photo moderators looking? How could you miss this photo? And I would have killed him.
My friend bought a radiation meter, and checked it.
yes, really? and with what? yes, the same person took a place and you are not inferior to anyone..
Yes, it's not that he is respected, the Russians will despise him.
pizdezhzhzhzhzhzhzhzhzhzhzh - we are the majority and we are for amendments and Putin and you are right.
Don't care more, they've already got all their problems.
It's a goat, not Dad!!!
yes, the one is still the one and God only knows who listens to him
Lukashenko is at the helm or Yanukovych is one - who is with russia - there will be a mess..
Register for the mower and forget about that person.
shoot on.... th!!!!! and many people can't buy bread because the communal apartment takes everything!!! Putin's breakthrough!!!
Who's seen something? - Raise your paw!
You go get them. They're so good.
Yaroslavichi, you've got a pig. which shames you
girls, you yourself are not ashamed to go half-naked, then do not complain that you are in trouble, that's what you need
Well, have you set a point for yourself, or is it also a kind of wait-and-see attitude?
I've been saving up for L200 for a year now, and the fishermen are drowning them.
When they finally defeat each other.
This is not a man slapped in the mouth.
these two guys carry the European values to the young people.
For the first time I am In solidarity With Milonov Dvachuyu.
You're such a brave little girl that you're far away, a leaky fart!!
Even if you find out, the worms in you won't die.
You want to be right all the time. it will work.
is it not the bosses? especially chicks bosses
At the wheel well, we forgot daddy's daughter at the wheel, they can do anything....
Yeah. Well, he looks more like some Vanomas, if he wasn't such a geek. Or maybe Fyodor Konyukhov.
In the pussy of this stutterer, the sketches were normal, now he's doing something.
it's funny, you all have been retired for a long time, but no matter how I look here, all the time on them, probably sticks you from this
We already speak our native Russian and forgot to ask you an important one.
Who cares that you love me?
under this photo, he is sitting trudging from likes
You're not correct. are there people who believe?
That's why I refused that I didn't do anything bad in the field all summer.
another theater was taken over by the same person.
why should I plant them? what would then feed from our taxes? only rastrel!!!
Hali gali, paratruper, it was super for you and me!
you have not been taught to love your homeland, you little man.
Because of dol baeb, the man's life was broken.
With such a pig's snout-a castrated boar--there the pressure under 200 will die immediately without doctors chushkar.
drunks, not fools, they know what they're doing!!!
They need to be shot, God is there and they will get their own.
They would take the children to the children. At home, the old man went to boarding schools....
Yes, I've already studied them, I don't care about their opinion, it's bad.
because of such creatures, there is no trust in others.
Olga is right.. shoot them!, because Olga is the people!
What are you doing! The hero's Russian boy is greeted by an American 3,14dor! (3.14 is the number of pi),
not a scarecrow, but where is the main one?????
durkonedonosok, everyone jerks off as he wants
I don't believe what he says.
tell me how to kill fireflies on ur.5624
such musicians need to be shot.
Volodya, go back to the Kremlin, no one needs an expert assessment of lunopopost here.
I would strangle them with my own hands.
this person who writes doesn't even show her face. i understand.
What are they doing in Russia, from all sides?
when any inadequate is Adequate, is he the one who reacts in one millisecond and performs any somersault on the orders of a cop?
yes, in general, don't care how much this guy gets
And when they need help, let them do it. Well done!
Do you like boys like that, man?
really bad, there's nothing to be ashamed of.a normal photo and the grandmother herself
the guys of the airborne forces, and it's weak for Putin's policemen to clean up!? The whole country is waiting for this!
Come on, ghoul!!! what is a revolution of dignity??? an armed coup!!! half of the heavenly hundred are drunks, drug addicts and scum of society!
Only they can blah blah in one word, everyone knows how to do it, and what exactly did this guy do?
Faggot, do you accept these guys??z
it's disgusting to look at a wet face, a drunken drunk.
I'll cut it off....you'll get a hurt.
They would have sent him to do something and that's it. 🙈
true, philosophers said that peace is the gap between wars
guardianship, this is an oborzevshaya bastard, they don't care about children
The bad guys themselves need to be shot at point blank range. it was just necessary to sail away where they were sailing.
they didn 't think for nothing, they ate any air, they lived by the spirit and faith in Kamunism and blessed the Stalin
If she says so, then let her live on them, if she does not want to check in fact, then shoot.
Putin has rewarded his artists that corrupt people campaigned for the constitution.
so for your group: there are only a few such goats who think so
There was a video and news how in some of the states a dude shot an aggressive redneck who pushed him in the parking lot at the mall
Well, I look - come on, pour trouble on me.
in. how. everything. may. goats. you can. I. more. money. for. nothing. for. anything. pay
It's really necessary to drive them out of Rashka before it's too late! Together we can save the patriarchy of our beloved Russian!
knocheny where are we looking, that is, the people
All these fairy tales about gulags and holodomors have already been seen over 1000 times on YouTube.
yes, the creatures don't know what to do anymore
and the better the traitor Vlasov -the same -------- as Bandera - so there is enough bad people everywhere.
And it is felt by the shkolotny dolboebism of the admins - and we will not see. no link, no clip.
well done, at least one found a man who is not........ is talking
and check on this thread- he/she is evil or not!
Why at 400 online does the piggy have such a deady chat? Did he cheat onlayen?
Back people! This is not the same person anymore.
let the devils ruin you, normal people don't expose themselves
wow what a sexy girl is just a bomb
The news is old, right now it looks like the problem with the chocks has been solved.
all of them there are cats and even the pid....sa will be filmed and praised
The status of ape-man slaughterhouses is expressed in a completely different way
Here are the girls, the salary is already not big, they also manage to cut it
Some people seem to pretend that nothing is happening.
yes, what a shame you have to be to dress up in this fancy dress, Zverev is resting.
how many envious creatures are around!!! they themselves are sitting exactly on, just looking around, who has what is better...I would shoot such!!!
pizdobols all have children there and capital is funny ash
You'd have to make a difference and not call the firemen right away.
pizdesh, really does not understand that no one believes but laughs, well, messed up and that's it.
Of course I'm sorry, but what are you gentlemen about?
kulibin is bad, it doesn't roll on honor.
If you haven't married then don't try and again.
He's not good and surrounds himself with the same people.
Che guys, what kind of nicknames do you have on twitch, you need to know who you're hanging out with on the parash
In the nineties, this overfed young would have eaten pigeons..you can see the fairy tales of pindosni have heard enough about the happy past..
However, the pindos could not take North Korea)))
And I don't have any time to do.
to the factories of these people, for machines, then they will learn how to live on 20-30 thousand!!!
The werewolf is in the game this round.
Get your hands off the sailors,not that they didn't do anything wrong.
Get out of here, you don't belong here.
The communist always ignores such unpleasant threads.
well, this one spoke out no other than Putin's and does not live on 20 thousand a month
And these people also teach me not to play in sneakers!
These thieves have good kids who can earn money from the cradle.
What kind of person posted this information and why?
Where do you come from?.
With whom? With some kind of independent operator? What are the Ukrainians trying to cheat?
pripizdivaite family with 5 child will bypass the rallies through 5 streets. and these people went and framed the child.
got a begging, begging for how many years
so it corresponds to the fact that a woman is not on a high with this guy!
kakash, Belarusians are a fraternal people for Russians and don't mess around a lot here.
one handjobs.they can't play.
there are too many of their creatures to know everyone by sight, because of them we are out of work and are already starting to starve
For reshotku you and deprive you of everything!
an attempt to leave? you're not the only ones who don't drink. are you waiting for people to start praising you here🤦♂️
you people hesitated.go to the Czech Republic.say for the roads and traffic jams.
in the eyes of a foreign state, they are certainly handsome!Faggots who will help the Russians?
The girl himself is not good in Russian, learn to write, you faggot.
