ukropidorg lavrinov! communicate better with ai - so at least you look like a person!
I can't stand females who are ready to sell their homeland for a man's dick
fse for faggots like you
and you don't want to work, do you? do you want to get money for your photos? fuck on your nose
Faggot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! bitch,,sold 15 !!!!!!!!!! union republics ?????????? where did the then NKVD look ?????
you idiot!I have no words!
37 departures in 10 minutes!!!!! suck the ass of the creature
fuck, can you even hear yourself?) You say I'm psychic, and then you say I'm not
personally, I want the scum to sit down for life.
the Jews are starting the second wave! the bitches feel what's coming to them! the scum is finished!
bastard! the boomerang law has not been canceled yet!!
Poor things : (people!!!!! for what purpose do you get animals? if you can't adequately support the village!!!! 8oi creatures!!!!
Oh, you fucking fuck! How to sleep now
well, you reds can only rape and rob... and get fucked up... devils
fuck sho there's nothing more to show
this skatin cannot be explained he is like a robot that is controlled from a pool
it would be better if the leadership were thrown out to hell!!!!
and why did you start tearing your ass for her like that?
you don 't have to do shit , so you found each other and tell me ...happiness to you pidroseki
This picture is older than you, piggy. The future is painfully distant coming out.
it's because of these motherfuckers that the TV turns off. tashnotiki.
don't stick, katsapidorskaya snot!
this is a fucking humorist!!! 😄😄😄 with humor, everything is definitely fine there!
fucking bitch if these are her words
And you don't change my mind. Liberda is smelly, BOT.
well done girls!!! The faggot takes off, also comments (((:o :o I'm shocked
Why are you so dumb? I explained what exactly I don't give a fuck about and more than once
fuck!! I can't calm down in any way
they will at most walk around with posters saying we are the power here , while the pindos are paying
that's right, you're a cunt, you couldn't really explain anything for your fabrications, who would doubt...😂😂😂 Have a smoke go!😂😂😂
shit, it's shit in Africa, too.
listen to why throw such freaks and make people angry.
well, where is Ronaldo's right hand nobody cares??? Faggots fuck
But how can I look at the call if there is no stream? Sorry, I'm a fool
it's not possible to communicate with such cunts as you
let these faggots then fuck themselves! 😂
yes, he's a faggot. fsbshnaya litter and a snitch. he would never have become patriarch without their help. he was put up . money
maybe he loves aa, maybe not.honestly say on ukkraine that the fuck didn't do it
ten fuckers are chasing a ball!...and ten thousand are watching it!.....
what the fuck wrote this nonsense???
remove the asshole from the deputies! and in general, drive all this Duma scum!
horror, fucking pilots, the kingdom of heaven to the dead
you'd have kept your mouth shut by now
what the fuck are you staring at zenki squirt under the bunks
bitches, these bankers. all these bastards are not enough
that's the kind of fuckers they still give rights to!!!
You coward! there's nothing human left.
What's on the stream about dates, well, you fucked up yourself
Are you a moron? Who will investigate their own shoals? At best, an improved vaccine will be offered later.
the series is just fucked up, there are no other words. look at this. personally, it is firmly ingrained in my soul.
you'll never get to Moscow and they'll fuck you at home in your bendershtate in a point
Apparently, morons who are ready to give 1 million for this basin. the rub is over, and the money needs to be mastered somehow
Valentin, you haven't taken your pills again
and who needs it who is this horseradish to be admired has not done anything good in life a freeloader
Only Ust-perepizdyuisk telecoms with 3.5 employees will suffer from this
Why create a thread about this schmuck?
one dick, one handjobs.they can't play.
Faggot, what other coordinating council that represents a handful of cretins seeking to ruin their country?
I'm waiting for the elections at the faggots more than the concerts of my favorite artists
well, did you support the president, suckers?! and we will rake everything!
Bitches I studied. you haven't studied yourself. they squandered the country.. laugh on.
fucked up, take a license and fuck dripping oil, otherwise you see their bowels are being stolen by stupid, suspicious prostitutes :d
don 't fuck with a stupid fool .let him thank God that the stupid ska was blowing his legs off
bitch is not the first to fuck like that!!!
these whores are completely fucked up creatures are finished
what do these people have in their heads!?I'm going to fuck up!
fool, this is just a nightmare and not a massage
yes, you faggots if there were no, I wouldn't have to develop it at all!!!
fuck, they can't put an alcoholic in jail, there's still not enough evidence. ideoticism.
Putin will leave you idiots who will stand up for your grandchildren
because of such faggots, we suffer
vladtime Bitch, what's in your head?
where do they find these whores?????????
go fuck yourself, bring Ivanich back, devils!
compared to Vovka, Lukashenka is a flower
you know! sometimes you think, well, what kind of finished creatures live among us!! but it is said, the evil studied by you, to come back to you!!!
that's right -paid! creatures! inhumans! and faces! look-the devils!
in the fuck, okay, you'll get injured yourself, but the children...the campaign the child got a lot of concussion for sure
unfortunately, the real ratio is quite parity; tens of millions of security forces, officials themselves, hangers-on and just fuckers support the government
Why did you get to Dvacha, you hornless brute?
what fucking bridge ? and where exactly will he be ? you draw all kinds of shit
I will tell. doesn't plan anything and floats like shit.
he was a bitch and he stayed that way
they are trying to advertise themselves :-d :-d :-d :-d :-d apparently no one wants to. plucked chickens
denote in another place:$ and they just explained to you, an Internet sucker:$
well, the shit is cheap.it's better to fucking watch a cartoon with children luntik)))
law enforcement agencies are obliged to react and punish the freaks !!!
which should be some kind of message should be fucking awesome. You decide. A fucking playwright.
on a stake, on a stake to put everyone:-d
and what to learn that she went over the hill fucking that she didn't stay in belarus and the opposition didn't fight any further is called
Can you give a link to a discussion about cattle ?
yes, you faggots have found something to fuck about:-d:-two philosophers, suuukaa:-d:-d:-d
Furry ryakh 's shoulders have become wider
because life doesn't teach fuckers anything
and not to fuck.it was necessary to score five pieces then quit playing.
really there is.more of these fuckers? may God protect your president, and you with him
I don 't need your pity ...have pity on yourself , you fool !
Oh, you pig-faced faggot, have you forgotten what you did with Ukraine?
fucking another fucker where is the country going to roll
do not descend to the level of a fool without a brain
what the fuck do you women still need? I voiced such a priscurant!
bullshit. the grandmother would have strangled herself for her blood money. the stuffing is designed for stupid cattle.
, an insult to the honor of the mother, for this you can give e6al!
to talk openly , we will be chic , and you suck a dick
what a horror- yes, while a little reptile - then a big trash will grow......
such freaks should be punished more often. it would not be a habit for others.
fuck, how does he hold on to power,,, *-)
I saw what a faggot, at least I got there and so I stayed with the children on the highway
Debs fuck, if I was trilling, I would just post anime smag faces
Well, what's there? Was he caught? Arrested? And what about that chock to whom he prescribed from the turntable to the fucker?
you rather sucked a dick from the soviet government
Bitch, it's running down the monitor, go for a rag again
and what the fuck are you hiding, you whore?!
You don't have to say what kind, it's a fart of unicellular people like you, lol
and where are you sitting in the ass
the first thing that comes up is the word fucking
how tired these fuckers would go to work
the animals are unpunished, they are children. now their parents are puzzling over how to get rid of these freaks.
such freaks need to be punished .
it's not worth it to be so interested in this whore.why is it not fucking clear about the injured party?
you're sitting and hanging out, you freak!!!!! there are just no words
and what, no one will repudiate the faggot???
motherfucker, the man's money turned into a faggot
I would have dispersed all these faggots in general
fuck you fuckers! go fuck yourself and work...feed the families
And what is there to be compassionate for? The whore got what she deserved and fuck it.
Deftly fucked - so well done, the concepts of meanness and honor are completely absent
such a creature has no place in power
you're a fucking fool. and got him drunk from outer space?
so you bitches need it, I hope the last shots will go to other cities where there is no such fucking leadership.
Yes, I also have to pay money for my studies. what kind of idiot came up with this?
faggots living at the expense of the people, in biology are called parasites, an organism living at the expense of a friend
Well, now I've gone far and forever, I'm blocking morons
the Spartans will tear a point to these players today
why are there so many religious loonies in the 21st century, it's just fucking
what kind of asshole does this expose in pursuit of classes? I'll stuff classes up your ass
the men will come out the garbage will be fucked up
Olya has a bastard fiance Lena has a full house
all the fuckers and fuck you
Politics is generally one big facepalm, a herd of faggots fucking each other.
that's why you all live in shit, that the soviet fucking union is still in your heads
Fuck, you're just a fucking visionary!
I don't watch TV (for five years)...and this fucking duck got into the ok.
here 's a scoundrel , he wants to play a trick on me, he slips me an old thing
nakh..th such creatures give birth, then leave.
guys, that everyone is extinct, that I'm the only fucker left.
let the freak fuck himself out of here
if they follow the faggot, they will be punished
who the fuck did he tell the pindos to?
the same type-shit-!!!!!!!-really fucking in the 21st century-can't fucking make a movie-fuck-such a mess-I'm in shock-fucking real shit-!!!!!!!!!!!!
look at the menu , you little shit . it is on the Internet .
do you think that this creature can still be loved? Well, well!!!
they didn 't think for nothing , they ate any air , they lived by the spirit and faith in Kamunism and blessed the motherfucker Stalin
for such money there is not much to buy and the country can be pulled out of the crisis idiots
zaibali with these posts time to fuck what.go to work loafers .
what a schmuck you all are. at least one of them has highlighted the problem. just insults. it's disgusting to read.
and he 's fucked up that god gave him all this
Another woman loves to fuck, has a pussy and tits. Here's the news
one thing I don't understand is how much you have to be a redneck to take away the last from the old people and send them home to be robbed.creatures.
he is not the only such morons the world is full of.
how many paid fuckers took to the streets, just not to work!
Blia...what is the name of the Slippers? Can anyone explain?
I am very offended and just ashamed in front of the whole world that we have such a shitty government.how do such creatures get into the government?
you have overcome the whore of people, with your delirium
What kind of faggots in torn pants
guys don't pay attention to this faggot
it is necessary to drive and destroy the bastard Russian capitalism!!!only socialism will save the motherland and the whole world from disaster!!!
these assholes themselves believe that they are fucking,,,,
Politics is generally one big facepalm, a herd of faggots fucking each other.
those things. and how they will be able to fall asleep after that.
fucking guys, I'm terribly sorry, I mixed up tabs with threads.
another cunt. ok also become a garbage dump
they can eat the current when you have already strangled the faggots
Understand, faggot, that you have lost Ukraine FOREVER
a woman cheats because she is a whore
It shouldn't fuck you, motherfucker
the finished faggots have no conscience and will not.
yes, this is a faggot, a normal driver will not behave like this, this is an ordinary Kurgan faggot or just a rooster.
ooty what a pussy, and why torture him like that
you idiots, you people, read the statistics in Omsk
I really want to tear off this freak's head,👎 👎 👎
Secondly, crowing anonymously at other people, the cattle that popezdyvaet for denunciations, hilarious
enviably, well, do so and then fuck, weakly, collective farm deer
Bitches I studied. you haven't studied yourself. they squandered the country.. laugh on.
it's not a fact that it will be like this, but this bastard what the fuck is he giving our land away, giving it to the Arabs, etc
well done!!! I gave the monkeys a pussy.and what they judge is fucking tolerance.
yes, I once admired the exploits of Russian women, now I am amazed at the corrupt whore vali tereshkova
I'm fucked up by these laws, well, if you broke it, answer the bastard
I wonder who updated these strains. what a creature and in what laboratory she tried.
and fuck the sense that I'm fucked up and still everyone goes. fucking post.
these bastards take away youth, maturity, will leave only a rotten, feeble old age.
we can live without them , and they bitch creatures can 't live without us
who came up with it is a mutaten....that prick should be planted!!!
fuck you fuckers! go fuck yourself and work...feed the families
both need to be planted. for crime and unprofessionalism. two jerks
bitch, bit and hid.... :(
why not close this faggot who mows under a journalist ?
pi here are the faggots , as well as what they will spizdit , they will definitely draw a bear with
That's where you're wrong! They can even fuck you here.
the devil does not know how to get away! faggot soaked
Either you have a savdepovsky pelvis, or I have XS, but I have never seen the instructions for the car in new cars.
reprint so that the skin would burst 😤
they'll suck it off!!! Belarusians will not betray
what the fuck to put this on, that's why the kids will watch the fuckers
This is from another joke, there, too, in the maternity hospital, they confused a Russian Negro and a Ukrainian
they like that these dirty freaks mock the people
damn, when I was young, I got so fucked up
did they fuck there? all the bitches can't get drunk?😂
what kind of idiots are posting this shit.
Johan Fuck, rest in peace, brother
Shut your mouth, you whore from the brothel! suck it better in silence
Well, pi...zdets, as soon as you blurt out hu...ynyu, so then you justify yourself
These motherfuckers would catch criminals, just like Grandpa said
fucked putinoids fucking!! everyone praises and praises this president
these fucking countries need to be recognized otherwise they will not receive money from Russian taxpayers
and what, will gas or electricity become cheaper from your classes? you're like a flock of sheep
fool these girls! who is against my words, let him skip...
Moderators, answer the fuck! Why were the demonettes removed, and the pedophile dances in place?
the bitches got mad.that's right, the man said the regime will come soon......ts.
what the fuck do you women still need? I voiced such a priscurant!
zyuga probably used the forbidden style of a finished fucker
Did he write the creature on the doorstep? Once there was a book with this name from the Jokerbook series.
and you're fucking good shut your mouth
Are you writing this as a resident of those places or just as a fucking cunt?
is it really not clear that by asking dibile questions, these idiots earn money and would you not go to the dick, stupid stupid
I'll fuck your head again (fr)
and fuck up the classics. I'm sorry that fucking... would
pussy...tsy!! don 't mess up the tape .
only these jerks are still missing!
your fucker dumped you, didn't she, a drug addict?)
in Krasnodar, all fountains were turned off. our anal governor doesn't want any incidents
on the count of the freak, how does the earth carry such
and a smoking man is also a stinker! smoking-th... but!!! complete!!!
who prevents you from liberating your territories from the faggots from dill? that's right no one
The damned communists have been trying to save humanity from the slavery of capitalism for a hundred years, in general, the bastards have fucked up.
yes, his bitch needs to be planted that his lawyers are beating him up and tomorrow he will crush their child
you might think competitors want to help people.all the shit gets into power.and this ghoul is just being dragged by someone to the deputies!
it's just good to stuff his face and kick him out of the police as an unnecessary being
here 's a scoundrel , he wants to play a trick on me, he slips me an old thing
And then such idiots derail Peregrine Falcons.
at least once the bitches showed the truth on TV
Faggot, you offer to arrange a TV on the Internet, those who liked the faggots die of ass cancer.
What the fuck is a conference of moms?
and no one is looking at you, the monkey's ass, so you're freaking out, crocodile queen🦧🦧🦧🦧🦧😁😁😁😁
That's my cat! And a belly, and a white spot on the neck!
Queer places tell me where you are?
she is the prettiest, charming girl. not that walking around the bar x ... y sucking beer to drink.you're a smart girl.
What kind of medicine, faggot? What are you talking about at all?
Do I have a question??? where do they get such data???how they fucked up these motherfuckers!!!!
Semenchenko, wounded in the ass, was also preparing...
you know, the rockets of raski hit at any curvature, even with your flat brain.
write such a fuck the earth is concrete for you
it is necessary to put on the full two-year-old bitch.file a lawsuit .moral damage for 800,000 rubles after driving will not sit down.
it is high time to introduce such a law. this creature will sit out and come out again and will rape and kill again......
the faggots are purulent, the Crimea was, is and will be our Russian!!!
you faggots will figure it out first
do you hear typizded! something you helpers of Russia do not eat to live in the countryside, but rush to the cities!
well, fuck the fuck to invite such people to a feast at all
THIS ONE, RIGHT? YES, HOW DID WE NOT IMMEDIATELY GIVE UP THE FUCK
Yes, I remember Major Khromchenko was in Langley, he said so, they say the more moronic the better. oops...
ahahhah again for calls to suicide banned motherfuckers
who fucked him on the head with a stone there, and threw him into the water.
how did you fuck up showing the same thing
Voronezh came out, in the number of 50 people. maximum.voronezh is the ass of russia.
yeah, and the bitches will pay again from our pockets, we are waiting for an increase in housing and communal services and gasoline.
fucked up you sanek ........ in Sochi to your dacha, the road is ordered for you, and Rostov is already occupied....
dibily what the fuck coronavirus are you all crazy about
does anyone have the home address of this moron? publish it...
there are just no words ! fuck people are bred and some people believe without offense stupid
are you also dreaming about 700 rubles, a pussy-headed freebie is passing by? ok.ru/profile/561284526834/album/861641312754/891261500146
bitch, bit and hid.... :(
This is all bullshit, what's up with the Ukrainians?
WHAT WAS SHE TALKING ABOUT, BITCH? LOLD
and not to fuck.it was necessary to score five pieces then quit playing.
she's skinny so don't fuck:-d
to tear off their hands for such asphalt.
it's not even about iq - it's just that cocksuckers don't belong there
Well, what's the big deal? It's clear that if he started a tractor, he didn't feel much love for rashka
yes those who don't like me i don't give a fuck about you
well, you're fucking fucked up
debiles, and the fuck you can only fuck
In the comments on sports, the faggots are burning and denouncing Glebych
the fucker is all a podebon.go work for the good
Popizdi I have a shabolda Iban here
Joora, your musik! Hey, go away, I see raaaay with you.
you and Karetnikova will be an ideal couple..one fucks xs what, the second one too😂
to you...the Crimean bridge is still not obvious to whores.apparently it's the same with the father's electorate.:-d
... the old fool is really bad... how he clings to power.
That's how much? Farting into the air in an attempt to justify the faggot pizdets reality is just ridiculous
you assholes, assholes.I wish everyone who thinks so to experience all the delights of the disease with all the consequences on their own skin.
don't respond to the provocations of this moron everything is so clear
Didn't the fat man smack you at school? Where does the hatred come from?
paid pindos who have nothing to do go to rallies, they will sell their mother to bitches
And what are you? the smartest what? suck your dick, shake your lip! down you stupid, fucking!!!!
There's no blood in the meat, you stupid faggot
how could such a freak be nominated as a deputy ?
and here education sucks, but she pumped well on the general
what kind of asshole renames an old movie all the time
the whole country is against it , you 're Putin 's wafer
It is not necessary to hang labels on everyone polished hamsters from the city Contradiction ) It seems that they wrote that everything is not fine there either.
and so on ....there's nothing for them creatures to do there first of all!
yes, the scum who did this does not deserve leniency! but the boomerang will come...
how did this hueplet get released from the stadium at all
Why are you writing something haterok? Get out.
motherfucker, write normally, are you not ours or something?
the servants of the people in Ukraine at the moment are no better than drug addicts buffoons putin dolls only morons could choose them
I agree, this red pig on a stake is too humane for him to be shot. it's just not clear why he runs such a significant enterprise?!
who needs you, you retarded fucker,
when is this fucker going to be in jail
catch the freak, and beat the creature to death!!!
then there really were stars, but now they show one stoned faggot,🔫 🔫 👍
bastards, well, sooner or later everything will end, and we will come for every demon😏
such freaks and assholes should be fined and significantly
fucking creatures, bitch, where is your article?
you're talking like that. Faggot or something
they can 't write the constitution, let them not write these faggots
it's time to shoot such servants of the people.
You have a fucking sense of humor, of course...
21st century, how are you so illiterate?
Ukrainian pidrilno - liberal scheme ..they throw 10 euros on the card for young dobil for going to the rally .
I could, I would fuck you a hundred minuses...conchita
kozen, and who invited you here?(dt)
no wonder what you can expect from the fucked up.
I have this shit aw, it regularly came out in the recommended ones.
Why did you get to Dvacha, you hornless brute?
So that I don't prick with bones, damn it!
Amushka, here you would have to quote your favorite faggot,, you're organizing for his statements, haha..
the question of sadists is removed. The second question is - are you down? Do you equate a down jacket with life? Even with the life of a dog?
fucked up this Khabarovsk and all the faggots who want to check in there
it was no fucking good to open a resort jail.and now they're writing numbers, morons
I came here, fuck, to spend a thousand words with answers
freaks, and if the screw would have touched them
pidrilprodaksheen Kirkorov is a good girl.I urge you to collect money for him !
That bastard. And some also complain that we don't care about the planet, but it turns out to be like this.
Tell me the address, petushara, you will tell me on camera that Kuzma is not a pig and beg forgiveness on your knees
My bat fell off and fell on my head
this is not because there are no people willing to work. and from the fact that these united farmers are strangling agriculture in every possible way
the commentator is fucking out of you.something for Ukraine, the TV was boiling.for Khabarovsk molchek.
fuckers, translate to our time.ska, who agrees to such posts, it feels like the country was waiting for heroes, the pussy gave birth to fools.
Stalin would have allocated a cemetery to those to whom this money went into the pocket of the freaks
we can live without them , and they bitch creatures can 't live without us
You framed Vasya, the author. Meanly and.
Judging by the ignore, I hit the target. Well, you never know, the poor.
I will respond to rudeness with the same rudeness, go suck off your master and go to the stall there and calm down, a well-mannered person
when will everyone wake up in Russia?or so we will be slaves of faggots
one phrase comes to mind (a fabulous fucker, why was he just discharged from the hospital)so it is here, the obvious incredible🤷♂️
it's a shame that this site does, out of communication, to extort money from all kinds of faggots
driving a cunt, it's not riding
Bitches I studied. you haven't studied yourself. they squandered the country.. laugh on.
gena is not a cunt....everyone knows that you are in the share..the bastard..
Cattle are your bland and dull norms, which are difficult to call people, those same NPCs without reflection.
there are no suitable words .the ugly thing
you missed. you blind asshole! you put his sewer pipe in. I was far away, but I saw it clearly!
The main module of the American part of the ISS was also created in Russia - and what the fuck? In short, I fucked your mother.
What contradiction did you point out, you ass-eyed idiot? The distinguishing feature is clearly indicated there.
you're fucking around and you don't know what
Albert, the same-minded people will not miss it - I have already passed it repeatedly, even if all the voters of your district are for you.success .......
and everyone is fucking bothered, I want to smoke, I want to drink, I want to do what I want, and there should be no one to fuck..
Faggots! what to take from them?!
Every porashny pellet thinks of himself as at least Lenin, driving cattle from an armored car with his hand
they no longer know how to attract attention to themselves, fuck....in the opu, why should we tell and show it
wow!!! Polish bzdyshiki are the most heroic heroes!
there is nothing to execute on the spot to inflate the war with fraternal people
Gordon is a very nasty person, a highly arrogant gander, and colloquially, a faggot under the cold.
another divorce! now I'll run in leaps and bounds and buy a box, earflaps
I don't give a shit when and who he loves. you were the first to write, you filthy inhuman. troll in my mouth zero
I appeal to all the givers show your fucking
such scum should be pressed and not blown, jump off the topic.
when are you assholes going to stop????
is there nothing to do? are they all fools to be led on this nonsense?
Ugh. what disgusting three faces!!
to hang him by the balls like that, he can only then understand the freak
a fool, takes an orom. she teaches others, she did not arrange her personal life herself
that's how they put the chips and take off the masks, these idiots tend to go there! they get their way one way or another
bitch, five years ago the same bullshit was with the fifth iPhone!..))
you're not fucked up. fucking cock. read carefully woodpecker. don't rush into words
our government is elective, how was it in 2000? Fuck, faggots aren't even supposed to choose mayors anymore.
fuck suck a lousy sheep, faggot, I've never lived there. faggot group.
in general, bitch, a very lucky sign in life, which does not compensate for the constant lack of money from him
:-| for such a photoshop, ators need to tear off eggs so that faggots do not breed!
yes, I don't really care about your likes and fuckers who are arguing about something here
freaks....he is one of the best generals in history...sorry
to bring down such scum right from the doorstep!!!!!!!
I don't understand, what's so surprising? srach tv has become famous for pizdezh since the creation of the channel
the faggots are purulent, the Crimea was, is and will be our Russian!!!
go to their place bitch serve then pussy sheep
pi-dora will have to answer to the people when the time comes
start working and not on the Internet pi * dite.
such people should be put in cages and taken around cities and show people what kind of freaks there are- sick in the head.
here's the scum to whom Putin kneels and offers flowers
Ukrainians on plumbing and sewerage, and the parents of Ukrainians will brag that their daughter is a prostitute
if she has orders, then for merits in peacetime, fuck compare with the military.
I'm fucked up by these laws, well, if you broke it, answer the bastard
An ordinary nouname in a mask destroys liberal nits.
the toilet itself, only 5 official husbands, and how many more lovers! to say such a thing yourself, you need to be crystal clear! a cesspool!
shoot the bastard, period.he took a life, the flesh of the nit is the same, and no lawyers, a fatal outcome, everything is on the block for the eggs.
fuckers, think better about these people and the country they have turned into their own feeding trough
And she wants an Arab or a nigger...
Where's Daddy????? and why give birth to children from such freaks? first they run after idiots themselves, and then they pull the strap alone...
where did you see the Russian women there??)))explicit korean pussy-eyes))(
Well, by the way, if we talk about rural residents, the Ukrainians will be more popular than the Katsaps
it is necessary to judge the creatures, what they do for money.
this is a moron. don't bother....you won't get through
let's go to Minsk. fucked mustachioed
eh and bitch.how can it be like that.it's your baby.a little man.it's just awful.
I'm a bitch for hands and feet
her lesse on pensioner grub to translate would look like she would sing then.idiot!!!!👎
and even more so with the fuckers
well, the parents of faggots will be lucky too.
isn't he fucked up?
if it wasn't for the marathon, then shoot such freaks..
And a fat, bearded man in an alcoholic T-shirt is sitting there in the chat and has not washed for a month.
put this bastard on retirement and let the creature live. she probably stole, that's what she's doing
let him bring communism to himself.... and then he climbs to us ... bitch
There was blood, then the bump remained (yes, I'm a bastard)
what the fuck are you talking about.they, the townspeople themselves, must decide on their governor.and you're fucking poisoning medvoputovskaya.
guys, that everyone is extinct, that I'm the only fucker left.
russia is a country of fuckers. everyone is offering something, but no one is doing anything
and that's what kind of animal posts it? what likes? grief and pleading in the eyes!! it would be better to feed, not take pictures, cattle.
so we will have it, maybe someday, suddenly. and you sucked yesterday, today you suck and tomorrow you will suck.
Fuck, this is crazy. Maybe the dude swelled up and decided to commit suicide by doing a good deed?
Lakhtodebil, can you read? I'm telling you, he eats shit, and he doesn't go fucking.
and what, a normal move. malekha was wronged, a fine for the absence of a muzzle and a court for beating. to freeze the money.
how this bitch is afraid of the court
You have to be a moron to hope to win at a casino without being its owner. However, someone wins.
he just makes a raft for himself and his faggots, where no one can get him bald
What's the difference, Catherine- or Red-Slavka, if there's such a shit going on? Also about the royal name and Cossacks farted something
Glory to the Heroes! When will we go to expel the Rusaks from there?
bracelets are not on sale, the creatures are banned
i had a fight with my husband , it came to a divorce , although it 's not so fucking what kind of creature is this
it was necessary to give him a pussy after the game and not in front of everyone
freaks, how can you just leave such handsome men on the street.
the fucking frog is home, she is urgently tired of watching it all
the fuckin' triggers don't get fooled, it's a myth.
asshole, let go of the bird, you'll have to tear off the egg
while Putin and his prishibai are in power -never!
well done girls!!! The faggot takes off, also comments (((:o :o I'm shocked
And what the fuck are you going to prove to them - they have all the money in the world and all the media.
who writes it like that is a bitch, and the girl is a class
And what are you, Ilyukha?? don't you give a fuck what day is it?
In rashka, all the zones are red, beckoning.
Where did the SHAWARMA PATROL go ? Kuzma, Hovan, and the third, xs as his.
What kind of a donkey? Is his opinion important?
you were dumped... like suckers... but they are committed to doing all this by 2030...
all Kremlin whores should be vaccinated!
if there were morons to come up with such a thing, then there will be such mothers!
https://youtu.be/kbfdimv44zu🤣🤣🤣he has nothing,, Moskal is a poor bastard
the bitch is uncut.... everything will come out sideways..... them...
Russian Russian fascist Mendeleev's data from a stupid idiot: there should be 350 million Russians in 1950
fuck you, cornflower! how do I explain it to you as a first grader ?
The cocksucking Muscovites have come to us! (c)
wet everyone who violates public order
you don't even know how to judge or kill such creatures, you finished bastards👎👎👎
I agree though with a small correction on the number they should be planted
and so to react to a simple photo is fucked up, in my opinion, your flask is whistling like fuck
If they know that they can be shot, the violent heads will decrease.
this is a fucking humorist!!! 😄😄😄 with humor, everything is definitely fine there!
I understand you can fuck..and knitting with a cross? weak?
they put classes for me in some groups.at first I thought wrongly, and then I look not I put.fucking admins
super glue and soda will tear off the horseradish
I totally agree. because of such freaks, then it is impossible to catch anything with an ordinary fishing rod. so it should be!!!!
her hubby goat should be impaled
this is a divorce, don't see each other, throws money, you lie down and she blocks the animal fuckeeeeee
ИИИИИииииииииииииииииииииииииииии, shit like when the fear was catching up)
I have time to fuck! I am a pensioner
because of such creatures, there is no trust in others.
creatures , you should live at this minimum and see how you will live with us
there are no fools, this is pure fucking
fuck me such a president, if it's easier to die to survive.
Putin's medals will definitely find their faggots
zavaoi ebalo - a man with the voice of a faggot :d
what kind of bastard filmed the death of a roe deer, there would be no help
I don't need to argue with a moron, there is enough information on the web for more than one volume of the encyclopedia
this is a dick and not a game fucking sheep
And why is he so hated? Explain, maybe I'm just stupid.
So they got themselves a type 2 SD.
But what about the news that the trust in President pukin has fucking grown?
Wow bitch, I was already pinned down, I couldn't resist
your fucking church won't help you..
What a miserable gang, walking on the vastness of YouTube and social networks
dear Vika, I did not write a faggot and I did not address you to you. will be attentive.
fucking hide der we do this ourselves for a penny.
I extended it And did the right thing, the loonies should be kept on a chain
well, you're good, you get fucked five times.well done
we have a more serious pussy going on in Russia!!! the author come to Khabarovsk..
Well, you do understand that Ukrainians don't even have money?
where do scum like you come from before you send them to work, create a production to send you to Kolyma
fuck the morons who posts it. :d
And in the pigsty next to the Jew asks the butchers not to raise the price of gas, otherwise the livestock will just rest for the fuck.
The whole crowd to church and candles for his health. Either he'll calm down or you won't give a shit
you're a fucking man, what are you writing
fuck this honored reindeer herder volodya is needed here
another pizdobol when will the provocateurs close
You're a fucker, all anarchists are left a priori, the free market is part of the state, a piece of shit.
what the fuck are you blowing, did you really come up with it yourself, or is your curator a moron?
You won't believe it, mirror, you are our kind, correct and funny fucker.
why don't you look after your assholes
woe to people, these fuckers are laughing. I fuck with people.
the driver must be obliged to buy a box of scumbags and give it to this mother.
hands and feet to tear off the bastards for this.
well done! so all rapists should be castrated so that others know how to rape and mock
Malachina takinada to punish such freaks 👍👍👍
Some kind of dick that shits on others
You fuck, I thought there would be pizdits
why haven't the punishers fucked you in the ass yet? or fucked?
still , in October , a fucking idiot opened .
these whores are completely fucked up creatures are finished
got already beggars, how many photoshoppers are there...morons
and why did you decide that all morons and morons, I don't understand you!;)
why is zhidyara solovyov not in the cage yet
who the fuck is this at altitude?
to such great people, as stated, only faggots with purses belong, fuck them in the snout.
yab said:it's good that you drove minibuses, fuck!
you're a cocksucker, I'll be in Greece, I'll see you and we'll talk for Russia.
We're talking about a fat tech blogger commie here, not stupid whores. Follow such a discussion to another thread
if you feel sorry for him, it's you who sit down instead of his assholes ;-)
I don't even know what to write about such creatures!!!!
and there are not a few such freaks
the mustachioed pussy of Belarus will be removed.they will go to work again
whose fucking sport have you ever taken up
this skatin cannot be explained he is like a robot that is controlled from a pool
one less moron !
This loony has never been famous.
Dementia is a property of a person to show mental limitations. And where is the name-calling here?
Faggot, show me at least one Chechen who washes toilets...
two hands, and deeper. motherfucker
you substitute your fucker to get money, look, there's not enough face.
what are you fucking 90i, it wasn't the people who started the fight, but musara tried to disperse the rally
how can you live, eat and ..., knowing that the whole human world hates you, die, creature!!!
my god, how many stupid commentators who don't know a damn thing and are trying to be clever
that's what i always fucking say
On the contrary, how is it?) ex-wife is the best prostitute?
the head should be torn off by the one who offends the child
he pulls an electric train, and there is no contact network there.dibil
- and you take the carnations, you idiot!
such faggots rule the country, do not be indignant with the people.
it turns out that the teacher is stupid, there is no corrected patronymic! vladimorovich
Read everything I've written, if you don't understand, read it again, then think about it, then write.
Fuck, if Clinton were in power now, there would be no such trash in the world
where did you see an Armenian here, creature!
let him fuck off to Africa.no electricity gas will turn off.I don't care about clothes either.let him live in a shack in the skin of a mammoth.defender x..a
Well, fuck this purse. I wouldn't let them either, stupid people will bring tuberculosis to school and infect normal children.
to the fullest extent he has a term and no settlement for this vile coward and the scoundrel killed an innocent man
yes, I have the same schmuck living from the bottom, in the same living room.
personally, I want the scum to sit down for life.
I think so too. honest-fuck. I don't understand who writes like that. honestly- motherfucker
so that the jerk would know how good it is!!!
a fucking fool has ruined such a body .fat trusts dream of such a body
the author fuck you with your classes, grandpa doesn't even need them
Pissing faggots vdvshnikov weakly twist the gut is thin
look at the menu , you little shit . it is on the Internet .
punish the scoundrel according to the strictness of the law so that others know to punish the hero
serves the bastard right.
Motherfucker found something to brag about, Russian architecture. lol.
bitch fiddle faggot give money bitch earned millions in Russia share with Russia daydeneg on fertilizers
what the fuck are you the owner of the train or something
and then there will be cattle in power as in Ukraine.and the whores will run with torches through the streets
What the fuck is this? Shellfish?
yes, our numbers are on the way. but the fact that our schmucks adopt permissiveness as in the mattress, it can not be taken away.
drunk jackal driving the fourteenth policeman does not work at all???
you fucked up with your Minsk and the truce
and to hammer the Hippocratic oath in the ass !
they breed people....they don't even bother much...does it even look real or not? they don't give a shit....they fuck like they breathe....
In prison you are either with Thieves or with Musars.
and some bitches and whores buy fur coats from them
like this red-haired scum, the earth wears doshihpore.
there is an ass in the country, and morons are discussing Belarus)))))
I would have punched them in the face without a fight, and my hand is heavy.
looking at the explosion and the consequences, can young politicians think about fighting for war
fucked up.... fucked up.. how many inadequate people on the planet... (md)
it is in vain wisdom to think that old age comes to an asshole age does not become with a wise man he becomes an old asshole
you need to shoot right away, and the money is for the children's treatment!
fuck, they mixed everything into one pile, and protein and antibiotic and phenols of all kinds
oh, the fucker woke up, go for an injection to check you
Ugh, you fucking snot, go work, you schmuck!
you're not my passport, you're my phone, throw it off, you're fucking stupid
and people are such, sorry, pigs, that this saying does not work
Anya's faggots came up with these viruses themselves, no one would know except God what would happen in the future
the bitch himself is a fucking fucker in Russian, learn to write, you fucking faggot.
that you have restricted access to listening, listen to yourself in one snout murlo
dibelism , bitches sell taiga , and here the guy is for nothing .
morons, you live in this city
Both Hitler and sralina are considered equally mustachioed assholes
go by if you don't like the fuck you're commenting on a wet-ass fucker
the sun breeds suckers, and the suckers themselves climb, fucking ananists🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
it is necessary to hang for eggs so that there would be no more children
bitches don't like the truth it's time to get up all over russia don't turn on the back nikolai the people are with you
fools. apparently from one group, they don't leave their own, an alcoholic.
oh, the fucker woke up, go for an injection to check you
dochya say you're in the kindergarten swearing and pissing yat and with gisnkipet
But it's too late, the channel of the piggy is boiled forever.
garbage was fucked up completely, they gave free rein, so they are greyhounds
What kind of a queer guy is on the judging panel???
so let's see on January 1, 2021 who are you: are you a psychic or a pizdobol???
Zakhar gave this faggot a DNR passport
zhmerinskaya slut, aren't you tired of shitting on forums? where does so much shit come from in you, little guy?🤔🙄
serves you right. the pizdostradateli are finished. all the troubles in this world come from you.
fool, I'll plant you myself if I want to, lower you from heaven and look at life from the ground!!!
goat, before you look at someone's face, show your own, as in the passport
such freaks at all times were not only in Putin's
I would like to see that fool who will go out in such clothes
you've already fucked up, you won't please, fucking trolls.
it's very easy to ruin the faggots. they found something to brag about.
you've fucking fucked with this damn thing already!😡
the author is a moron with a signature photo ruined
it would be better to go to hospitals and kindergartens. moron.
fucked a faggot and took away the phone
vomit! for what audience do they create this nonsense?!!!!!!
and what are you doing here and who are you looking for, you cunt!!!!!! :d
it's scary to entrust such a freak to graze sheep, but he's sitting in the duma.
who looks at this nalivkin from his very sight disgusts..the bastard is talking some kind of bullshit
they can 't write the constitution, let them not write these faggots
so you are also faggots who have been breeding people for 6 years
yes, who thinks so, a complete idiot, I would put a million likes
is it really not clear that by asking dibile questions, these idiots earn money and would you not go to the dick, stupid stupid
they came up with a fuck-up, no matter what kind of drunkard, it's another matter.
But in fact, some bydlogopnik created an organized criminal group One dick, he will continue his activities, because the topic is infinitely relevant
fucking the country of not scared idiots, raise your hand, lift your leg, maybe you can still spread your ass8oi
why are you deceiving people you bastard
what the fuck is a residence permit, he shows a pid)r visa, in order to get a Spanish residence, you need to live for 3.5 years or buy expensive real estate
mediadolbing fucking 45 don't savor such news go to the factory for 10-15 to fuck scum!!!!!!
he has no idea what you're talking about. what his faggots fathers and grandfathers tell him, he believes in it:d
you're sitting fucking deleting all the comments to you
it is not necessary to choose, but to shoot those who create goods to the detriment of the buyer
And what about the topic of such a faggot craft as spreading gossip, climbing into someone else's life and anonymously poisoning one with a collective
Illiterate, you would first read what the decree on land is.
you're a fool, you don't have a mother, a kind word is a pity!
how can I be without fucking cavid!!! Damn it, Diri!!!
motherfucking. get your hands off the sailors .not that they didn't do anything wrong.
The Ukrainians have a vegetable garden, a cherry orchard, a hut, a front garden with flowers, a pleaser in one word, as Tsar Peter said
norma, with and what's funny here?!, fuck, dibily
for money, they will go wherever you want. morons!
zaryadye is just shit compared to our park
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO A SALARY ACCORDING TO PUTIN'S ORDERS, BUT THE ASSHOLE IS DECEIVING YOU BY NOT FOLLOWING PUTIN'S ORDERS HIMSELF!
Fuckers are finished!!!! raising your hand on an elderly person is the last thing.
of course it's stupid, but I feel sorry for these gullible people, and scammers who mostly deceive old people need to be impaled.
Oh, you fucking fuck! How to sleep now
the idiot would still have brought the engine
the time will come when they will be judged and shot for what they are doing against the people.
well done girl. it was necessary to make these motherfuckers soft-boiled eggs.
these jerks rule the ball and no one tells them to, I wonder many of us in the DPR want to go to that Hohland
Wave Wave Wave Wave Love Love Love Love Tired Of Loving Love Again
if she has orders, then for merits in peacetime, fuck compare with the military.
I will not harm such scum you who shot this video you did not help the animal but watched so that you too died
And these people also teach me not to piss in sneakers!
Ahuet, and how do you know!!!?!??
the creatures no longer know how else to make fun of people:(
rassea is great and there are a lot of assholes like ti
well done! so all rapists should be castrated so that others know how to rape and mock
yes, they are already fucking there.
vruboy dalbaeb I have already taken everything ready to chill
he wished that he and his relatives had no place in this world.
yes, it is necessary to shoot them all, but only legally they are divorced to hell, the administration of figs
I want to suck from you.😉
as the smart one said, it's already scary only after these words on the stake bitch
and you're not going to be a goat to pensioners and what kind of mother gave birth to such a creature, she's not a pensioner with him
and who will ask you a flawed one in what language we should speak, motherfucker
I fucked you do you want
Just an order was given to recruit a squad of combat faggots
if she were normal, she wouldn't say what kind of mother gave birth to such a moron with an education
he knows about that conflict! motherfucker!
You read inattentively. I didn't call him gay. He made a faggot out of a gay man with his game.
Alexander dynin, is this your post? you should be hung up by the balls for this....
I don't touch my own, but you and this banderlog are someone else's fuckers not to touch you
got a fucker , begging for how many years
What are you laughing at, what did you write??!!!are you an idiot???!!!👎👎👎👎👎
Fuck you? She doesn't seem to touch you, why go into her personal space
faggots,mockery of the people, they did not hold heavier pens in their hands, everything will be rewarded in full, no matter how you turn it and it will be
propogandons wear muzzles themselves, I'm not a dog to be muzzled by bitches😜😜
UKRAINIANS!! UKRAINIANS ALL AROUND !! Gifx
Poor things : (people!!!!! for what purpose do you get animals? if you can't adequately support the village!!!! 8oi creatures!!!!
yes, such a bastard with a kick. and he still occupies chairs
fuck, you write it 20 more times!!!
she also put on a cross, scum.
are they really fucked up ?
Where am I shouting this, loony? I'm just glad to fuck up another socialist abscess
and the mother of the wayward where did she look?? how old was this creature given?
a piece of motherfucker, there are no words, only emotions.
and the faggot zhyd Putin then zeroed out , here and now
that idiot thought up where to put the child stupid
Will there be a recording of the lecture? Last time, I remember, some anon threw a lecture about Italy here.
Ukrainian pidrilno - liberal scheme ..they throw 10 euros on the card for young dobil for going to the rally .
sadists. such parents must be found and punished, unequivocally.
yes, he's a fucker, the shape is flora, and the caps from which stall?:d
the guy kissing the hand was laughing at this time, And as our pig-faced psychologists said: laughter is a defensive reaction
and their bastards will live well
idiots , let them come to Ukraine and see how the people live
who the fuck is this at altitude?
my cat sits down to poop during my breakfast.... I would kill him, but I love this beast!
Why is there this shit about pots?
morons write, only for whom the people have seen the light for so long
listen faggot at your age you don't have to fight here
Motherfuckers, what are you doing? God sees everything!
Here, here! why didn't the police detain the faggot? advertising of faggotry is prohibited in Russia! why wasn't he detained?
yes, this is a faggot (I'm sorry for the expression), but I don't have any other words, most likely he had the same as a child
you don't have to talk to these pigs
the guy kissing the hand was laughing at this time, And as our pig-faced psychologists said: laughter is a defensive reaction
you're fucking not a Ukrainian, a Pindo.!
the people always pay for the mistakes of the fucking rulers.
vyblyadok ...filth is disgusting....you will find them, give them to the parents of these poor frightened children
it's very easy to ruin the faggots. they found something to brag about.
in general, bitch, a very lucky sign in life, which does not compensate for the constant lack of money from him
Putin is a creature, what are you doing with the country?
and what, are you going to go with the idiots of minors and old drunks against your supreme commander?
fuck knows who the godfather is, but the girl is beautiful👍
because you 're a lazy fucker ! his wife is bad for him ...))))))
redneck, in your house you want to shit so that others would have it like that? fuck you redneck.
and one more question. how many of you fuckers have rallied???
oh class, we won't see this fucking face anymore!
fucking creatures, bitch, where is your article?
don't talk about yourself in the plural, the schmuck is not finished.
they'll eat him and fuck him.
a piece of motherfucker, there are no words, only emotions.
You fucker! and how is the Communist Party and the rest without the ep! fucked up the USSR?
from a bad life, from hunger, the bitch is swollen!!!!
fucked up. take away weapons and a boat and a fine of 500 thousand
if the ears are cut off, what will happen?
and then the fuckers climb on the road after such driving schools
let them try to earn, and not on the Internet to count other people's money fucking
didn't the 6-page pdf convince you that Russia poisoned the Skripals? Are you trying to analyze and think? A quilted jacket or something?)
well, this Lukashenko turns out to be a bastard!
author, you're a moron, inciting hatred. you scum, don't confuse Ukraine with the Nazis, you need to hang a goat, premature, conceived in the trash.
Let's fine Vasya Lozhkin, and then fuck he muddies the water, pedophile stopudovo
fucked up completely put this fuck on your face sheep
and how many fry they would have given...you are freaks, not fishermen
Is it easier for him with the dicks? Take the cart and roll to the car
Get up from the bottle: I can't hear you.
Who is it now? What's with the bichara?
are there such bastards in the world too?
fuck sho there's nothing more to show
The faggot believes in the repentance of the pindos Kek
Sokolovsky is not a leftist, he is a libertarian, which means he is right a priori (in an economic sense), you stupid fucker.
and fuck this faggot posted
shut your mouth, you fucking katsap, remember the children of Chechnya and Georgia, the faggot remembered about karma
and besides the shit prepared, do you have anything at all in golvo? or not?)
not a fucking human female. you know you're awesome.
you creatures don't even know the history of Russia and when the first and Second World wars began
super, don't fucking stand where you don't have to.
so whose are you going to be a fat-ass?
you idiot! he will understand when he feels it for himself
the traitor has betrayed his homeland and people three times. and with the traitors, a short conversation, to the wall and shooting in public.
life is necessary for such creatures ^o)
fuck you, asshole ..... now such access to information can be found, there would be a desire
All the same, he will bring his slave to a mental hospital
in the trench would be his faggot, schmuck
he doesn't give a fuck about beshtau, he's a bitch selling masks
and what to fight for, so that a negro can suck a dick like you suck
There would be no such vile music yet)
pashinyan dear put these bastards aside
what a fucker put a manikin, for such jokes- a criminal case.
yes, and the fuck, however, will guess.
there's no fucking place to put the sample
it 's the Belarusians who are going to fuck up .the faces are very similar
you say it right, but you're probably fucking up..
freak, you think you're in a hurry alone and put a gun in your ass
I also do it on a passenger car and I don't miss these faggots
creatures, bastards. it is not necessary to hang such people on the first pillar.
I'd like to know what kind of pimply nouneymesha is.
moron! it turns out you're also a pussy....are you a fan of climbing other people's websites???Faggot.
the same creatures brought these creatures
you don't have anyone to fuck with
and again, brooms, tomatoes and gifts. again greenhouses, carpentry, boilers were sealed
Who else is blocking the topic, motherfucker, go fuck the pills, or I'm calling the orderlies.
fuck you.I'm not having a bad life anyway.
and this half - assed bald guy is saving Libya !!! the scum is finished !
a bitch she is a bitch does not think that one day she will be treated the same way
yes, I have the same schmuck living from the bottom, in the same living room.
I'm fucking with these fucking scum....
and his and his families and his huts, and let him take his money with him! bastard!
where the fuck did you get these photos from
pizdezh not what bus did not interfere.there were no cars at all
go think about it, slut, why call you here, not for Micah, you'll be here to talk for Gloria
The imposition of any religion is the bottom, but there is. Orthodoxy for Russians is not someone else's hostile-minded religion.
I would have pulled a bag of potatoes out of there, there are fuckers.
What's in the pot? uhhh fuck
grandfather Volodka is sitting on his fat ass and farting, you stinky incompetent!
poor little baby, I would tear off the hands of the bastard that hit
have you all become freaks there after maidan anglasakskov.
You're a leaky faggot, go fuck yourself and don't disgrace the profession.
what do we want from a jerk , he will always be like that
people tell us that there are no emissions, they hang people with a car, allegedly they keep some kind of control, the goats do not control anything
fuck, I unsubscribe from this fucking group👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎
it's dangerous here and they can kill...therefore, everyone goes home...
motherfucker, write normally, are you not ours or something?
people have already stopped swearing so no you shit got out of the toilet
bastard! the boomerang law has not been canceled yet!!
what, asshole, is the point shrunk? emergency ? alaverdi.
are you still alive , motherfucker ?
I'm not the bitch in his place. she would have fucked up with sabaka.
and there are not a few such freaks
I don't trust this site for a long time, they write different x...
fucked up to gain likes on someone else's grief!!!!
He has a father or a brother - cop. This explains the cotton wool and sovkodrocherstvo.
Americans are always pindos :), but they live better than us, enough to invent jokes
the odnoklassniki website has been completely stupid lately, it's necessary to fuck them
I got caught , too , sent money for a dress and that 's it , the creature blocked me .
0blyayayad..well, why are there only assholes in classmates
Try again the Argumentative argument of the hule
you schmuck, live as you want, fuck with whoever you want, fucking dude! you'll get what you want soon! forward to the Maidan!!!
fucking moron......I 'll give you the bodies myself. who wants to
super glue and soda will tear off the horseradish
is it possible to trust the fuck ?
and all this shit for the sake of elections
It is forbidden to talk about weapons, but they are obliged to die for the interests of their oligarchs.
come on , draw porn pictures and write vulgar comments - that 's all you hungry sluts are capable of here.
no one needs other people's shit.
TS, are you normal or not?
He probably got in the way with booze.
Have I told you what madness is? Gifx
the bastard is finished. scum, how will you look people in the eye? the people hate you.you're not going to get away with this.
Either I understood, but I expected to fuck around and just have fun at someone else's expense.
Ukrainians, plez! Picril alone - 8,393,005 views on YouTube alone, not counting the mailbox.
I'm scrubbing the deck with some moron, because we're best friends!)))):-d﻿
Well, are you drunk now, you fucking pig bitch???
what prevents afftar - fucker from walking in a gas mask ??? ;-) ;-) ;-) sawdust in the head
He's a stupid fucker and a fighter, he's a cocksucker
these Polish nedebki are tired of plugging in a barrel
Stupid moms refused to save their children and get the fuck out of town
and our motherfuckers at the top can't explain this.
tearing up the flag you swore to is a betrayal, he's a freak and a schmuck!!! 8oi 👎
You're a coxcomb. And.... Let's go guys, we've been fucked again.
and such idiots rule our country
Well, I'd probably be offended by such bullshit, too. Bullying is also not prohibited, isn't it?
it's because of these motherfuckers that the TV turns off. tashnotiki.
how many of our pilots are rotting in American prisons??? and let this freak sit!
neither th nor th we will wait. he will still answer for Kursk. he will answer for everything. fuck it.
assholes don't know how to earn likes anymore 👎👎👎
pedal until the pussy is not given.!!
yes, the goat, the knacker is a filthy bastard, how can you put this on display.
you don't give a shit about your mother's tears
utyrki fucking ! I would have been caught in the army in the USSR ! they would have come home to the demob with narmal guys !
Well, how much can you mock the twachers? Get this Google shit out of the yard!!!
dedicated to you fucking!!! pray for these icons and master them!!!
And then you will laugh at the Ukrainians
what the bastards are doing faggots
Roizman is a faggot.The Jews want to ruin a normal country, fucking.not comparing the situation with habara
the fuckin' triggers don't get fooled, it's a myth.
faggots can only detain musicians, drunks and whores, and if they touch a serious pile, they will substitute a point 👎👎👎
the relevant question is, how did this scum get into the Duma?someone voted for him and similar fuckers
how this mug has gone crazy!!! fucking fucking people!!!
Prostitutes and strippers with terminals came.
a fucking drunk, they pay money for children, and not that one to fill their throats, they need to work. creatures.
the same fuckers are now in Ukraine!
the same moron as degtyarev. in other words, both guys are from the sandbox that pu built
oh, you fucking sparrows...his whole spine will fall into his underpants on the way home....
if the morons decorate these masks with bryulikami and buy one hundred and fifty .you can also sell for half a dollar
The most successful of their students were sent to work with the Russians
fuck the professionals gathered, re-ordered and broke the unlucky dude is learning, learning and learning, and you are immediately a moron, an idiot, and so on
ahu... what do they drive
billions to yourself -pennies to the people- nightingale lick and suck more and you will live quietly in Italy-you can't work- but only fuck!
Why create a thread about this schmuck?
they are ready to sit until they are carried out in a coffin by bitches and bastards
What kind of faggot gave you that name
Already whores and then on the Internet, looking for reviews
are they going to fight or fuck?🤣
no one needs other people's shit.
As if the Ukrainians are deciding something there.
freedom to Vladimir sankin!!!! death to pedophiles!!! he is for justice!
I came here in search of this comment
ha-ha-ha! I laugh in the face of those who insult me!
Kievan Rus-Ukraine has existed for more than a thousand years, faggots
who still lets this whore talk about us ?
the fly's a badge - what a fucking bore, so we'll ruin all production
Bitch, fucked up. Stop writing this shit, I yell at him every time.
well, fucked up, a rotten board is not cool
pisses how he breathes, but he breathes often 😡 40 years ago there were neither poor nor beggars
Now faggot I know who to vote for
and it is necessary to replenish the treasury! not for nothing were the payments for children!!! you filthy bastard
to be honest, the shit is rare
voters like Putin's faggots would like them, but there are not many of my friends among them.
where are the photo moderators looking? how could you miss this photo? And I would have killed this freak
my friend bought a radiation meter, and checked this shit
- yes, really? and with what? yes, the same faggot took a place and you are not inferior to anyone..
yes, it's not that he is respected, the Russians will despise him like the last reptile.
pizdezhzhzhzhzhzhzhzhzhzhzhzh - we are the majority and we are for amendments and Putin and you are a faggot
fuck more, they've already got all their bullshit, morons🐷🐷🐷🐷🐽🐽🐽🐽
It's a goat, not Dad!!!
yes, the faggot is still the one and God only knows who listens to him
lukashenko is at the helm or Yanukovych is one dick - who is with russia - there will be a mess..
Register for the mower and forget about the red-haired faggot
nits. shoot on.... th!!!!! and many people can't buy bread because the communal apartment takes everything!!! Putin's breakthrough!!!
Who's seen some shit? - raise your paw!
you bitch go get them.
Yaroslavichi, you've got a pig. which shames you
girls, you yourself are not ashamed to go half-naked, then do not complain that you are fucked, that's what you need
Well, have you set a point for yourself, or is it also a kind of wait-and-see attitude?
I've been saving up for L200 for a year now, and the fucking fishermen are drowning them like fuck
when they finally kill each other faggots
this is not a man fucking fucked in the mouth
these two faggots carry the fucking arr European values to the young people
For the first time I am In solidarity With Milonov Dvachuyu, the same shit
fuck the devil, you're such a brave little bitch that you're far away, a leaky fart!!
even if you find out, the worms in your ass won't die.
You faggots want to be right all the time. the dick will work.
is it not the fucking bosses? especially chicks bosses
bastard at the wheel well, we forgot daddy's daughter at the wheel, they can do anything....
Yeah. Well, he looks more like some Vanomas, if he wasn't such a geek. Or fuck Fyodor Konyukhov.
In the pussy of this stutterer, the sketches were normal, now he's doing some shit.
it's funny, you all creatures have been retired for a long time, but no matter how I look here, all the time on the dicks, probably sticks you from this
damn it, you idiot, we already speak our native Russian and forgot to ask you an idiot.... fabulous fucker.
who gives a fuck that you love ass?
under this photo, the faggot is sitting trudging from likes
You're fucking. are there suckers who believe?
that's why I refused that I didn't fuck, but I was doing shit in the field all summer :d :d :d
another theater was taken over by the faggots.
why the fuck should I plant them? what would then feed from our taxes? only rastrel!!!
Hali gali, paratruper, it was super for you and me!
you have not been taught to love your homeland, you little fool
because of dol * baeb, the man's life was broken...
with such a pig's snout --a castrated boar--there the pressure under 200 will die immediately without doctors chushkar --!!!!
drunks, not fools, they know what they're doing!!!
they need to be shot, God is there and they will get their own
faggots, they would take the children to the children.at home , the old man went to boarding schools ....
Yes, I've already studied these faggots, I don't give a shit about their opinion, it's a redneck.
because of such creatures, there is no trust in others.
Olga is right.. shoot them! , because Olga is the people!
What the fuck are you doing! The hero's Russian boy is greeted by an American 3,14dor! (3.14 is the number of pi),
not a fucking scarecrow, but where is the main one?????
durkonedonosok, everyone jerks off as he wants
believe what this fucker says.
tell me how to kill fireflies on ur.5624
such musicians need to be shot .
Volodya, go back to the Kremlin, no one needs an expert assessment of lunopopost here.
I would strangle the bastards with my own hands
this whore who writes doesn't even show her face. i understand.
idiot, what the fuck are they doing in Russia, from all sides?
when any inadequate fucker is Adequate, is he the one who reacts in one millisecond and performs any somersault on the orders of a cop?
yes, in general, fuck how much this fucker gets
and when they need help, let them suck their dick, well done vova.
Do you like boys like that, motherfucker?
really a moron, there's nothing to be ashamed of.a normal photo and the grandmother herself
the guys of the airborne forces, and it's weak for Putin's policemen to clean up!? the whole country is waiting for this!
Come on, ghoul!!! what is a revolution of dignity??? an armed coup!!! half of the heavenly hundred are drunks, drug addicts and scum of society!
only they can blah blah blah in one word, everyone knows how to fuck, and what exactly did this old fart do?
Faggot , do you accept these zyakons ??z
it's disgusting to look at a wet face, a drunken drunk.
fuck you...I'll cut it off....you'll get a dick...
what kind of faggot is fucking brains, they would have sent him to fuck and that's it...🙈
fucking bitch! true, philosophers said that peace is the gap between wars
guardianship, this is an oborzevshaya bastard, they don't give a shit about children
the bastards themselves need to be shot at point blank range. it was just necessary to sail away where they were sailing.
they didn 't think for nothing , they ate any air , they lived by the spirit and faith in Kamunism and blessed the motherfucker Stalin
if she says so, then let her live on them, if she does not want to check in fact, then shoot
putin has rewarded his ass-licking artists that corrupt creatures campaigned for the constitution
so for your group: there are only a few such goats who think so
There was a video and news how in some of the states a dude shot an aggressive redneck who pushed him in the parking lot at the mall
Well, I look - come on, pour shit on me.
in. how. everything. may. goats. you can. I. more. money. for. nothing. for. anything. pay
It's really necessary to drive them the fuck out of Rashka before it's too late! Together we can save the patriarchy of our beloved Russian!
knocheny faggots where are we looking, that is, the people
All these fucking fairy tales about gulags and holodomors have already been fucked 1000 times on YouTube
yes, the creatures don't know what to do anymore
and the better the traitor Vlasov -the same -------- as Bandera - so there is enough faggot everywhere
and it is felt by the shkolotny dolboebism of the admins - and we will not see. no link, no clip. the generation of use-morons, fuck.
well done, at least one found a man who is not a dick ........ is talking
and check on this thread- this creature is fucking evil or not!🤣🤣
Why at 400 online does the piggy have such a deady chat? Did he cheat onlayen?
Back people! This is not the same chewbacca anymore!
let the devils fuck you, normal people don't expose themselves
wow what a sexy bitch is just a bomb
The news is all a bit old, right now it looks like the problem with the chocks has been solved.
all of them there are fat cats and fuck even the pid....sa will be filmed and praised
The status of ape-man slaughterhouses is expressed in a completely different way
Here are the bitches, the salary is already not big, they also manage to cut it
Bitches faggots seem to pretend that nothing is happening
yes, what a fucker you have to be to dress up in this fancy dress, Zverev is resting.
how many envious creatures are around!!! they themselves are sitting exactly on, just looking around, who has what is better...I would shoot such!!!
pizdobols all have children there and capital is funny ash
you'd be a fool to fuss less and not call the firemen right away
pizdesh, really does not understand that no one believes but laughs, well, fucked up and that's it
Of course I'm sorry, but what are you gentlemen morons about
kulibin sucks, it doesn't roll on honor
listen whores if you haven't married then don't fuck and try
he's a fucker himself and surrounds himself with the same fuckers
Che guys, what kind of nicknames do you have on twitch, you need to know who you're hanging out with on the parash
in the nineties, this overfed young would have eaten pigeons..you can see the fairy tales of pindosni have heard enough about the happy past..
however, the pindos could not take North Korea)))
and I don't have any fucking time to do
to the factories of these whores and faggots, for machines, then they will learn how to live on 20-30 thousand!!!
the werewolf is in the game this round. yeah... ass.
motherfucking. get your hands off the sailors .not that they didn't do anything wrong.
better get the fuck out of here you don't belong here
The smelly little communist cocksucker always ignores such unpleasant threads.
well, this one spoke out no other than Putin's asshole and does not live on 20 thousand a month
And these people also teach me not to piss in sneakers!
these thieves have good kids who can earn money from the cradle, fucking prodigies
what kind of faggot posted this information and why
where the fuck are you from
With whom? With some kind of independent operator? What are the Ukrainians trying to cheat?
pripizdivaite family with 5 child will bypass the rallies through 5 streets. and these bitches went and framed the child.
got a fucker , begging for how many years
so it corresponds to the fact that a woman is not on a high with this guy!
kakash, Belarusians are a fraternal people for Russians and don't fuck around a lot here, a Nazi.
one dick, one handjobs.they can't play.
there are too many of their creatures to know everyone by sight, because of them we are out of work and are already starting to starve
moron, for reshotku you and deprive you of everything!
an attempt to fuck off? you're not the only ones who don't drink. are you waiting for people to start praising you here🤦♂️
you whiners hesitated.go to the Czech Republic.say for the roads and traffic jams.fucking deer
in the eyes of a foreign state, they are certainly handsome!Faggots who will help the Russians?
the bitch himself is a fucking fucker in Russian, learn to write, you fucking faggot.
